After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 1


Su Liang was dreaming again.

The Lu Zhizhao in his dreams was still so gentle, so calm, when he was looking at someone, he always seemed extraordinarily reliable. 4rVgeG

It was still that reassuring appearance.

“I will return.”



Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

Su Liang calmly listened to the words Lu Zhizhao spoke in his dream.

It was a vivid dream. Lu Zhizhao even held his hands tightly, the red around his eyes looking exactly the same as before. tdp gu

“Xiao Liang, you have to wait for me! This time, when I go back, I’ll clearly explain thoroughly to Ning Jiayi and the Lu family. The person I love is you, from the beginning until now, it was you, has been you, and will always be you!”



“I never cared about your beta status, I don’t care about omegas, I can’t be with Ning Jiayi just for that ridiculous match rate, I believe that he will understand as well! That’s why, this time I’ll be able to completely solve our problems that’s been troubling us for so many years.”

“I just don’t want you to follow me to hide. We are just in love, we didn’t commit a crime, we shouldn’t have to hide like this.”

“Xiao Liang, wait for me, wait for me to come back. The two of us can truly be together.”

v5Z1cX

“Xiao Liang……”

In the darkness, Su Liang opened his eyes on the cold bed.

There were some vague noises in the distance. It sounded as if there were people who got drunk and starting to cause trouble. Of course, it also might just be someone getting robbed. Similar noises occur almost ever other night, which was a normal occurrence for Su Liang, who lived in the poorest and most dilapidated slums in the entire 48 districts of China.



This was unmistakably a slum, the final destination for the most pathetic people who have been [screened out by life.] O4iGC

And here was the only place for Su Liang.

…… The darling of the Lu family since childhood, top alpha Lu Zhizhao was undoubtedly naive in some aspects.

He would never imagine that, as one of the top giants in the Earth Alliance, if the Lu family wants to make a person’s life difficult, then that person will definitely go through hell.

Even Su Liang who was once a member of the Lu Family was the same. pBdo2f

Su Liang gasped hard, rubbing and turning on the bedside lamp.

There was a rustling sound of electricity, and the energy-saving lamps on the ceiling flickered for a while before lighting up steadily. The light was very dim, making the whole house more dilapidated and desolate.

Su Liang got up slowly from the bed. His entire body felt cold, and a burst of violent pain surged from his chest, making him unable to do anything besides retching.

The desolate screams outside the dilapidated hut, and the frantic howls of laughter from the little hooligans made Su Liang’s headache worse. uvRjKQ

[ “If you want to live longer, you have to rest. Su Liang, don’t treat your life as a joke.”]

The last time he went to see the doctor seemed to be a long, long time ago, but strangely, at that moment, Su Liang somehow remembered the warning that the stern doctor had issued to him.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

He can’t help but find it laughable.

However, it was only a difference between dying early and dying later. Was there really a need to rest? 9gJArZ

After stopping the coughs with much difficulty, he barely got up to the bedside table, pouring out a little bit of water. Then, he took out the painkillers from the drawer, swallowed down half of the bottle, the maddening pain easing by a bit.

It was as if there was a hazy, ambiguous film gently isolating his body from the pain.

He slowly moved towards the other corner of the room. He had to hurry up and change his clothes before the cheap illegal painkillers failed – he still had a whole day of extremely heavy work to do.

Otherwise, he would not even be able to keep this dilapidated rental house in this “junkyard”. qjQsNl





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Unfortunately, before he could even take a few steps, his extremely weak body suddenly lost its strength. He staggered and fell onto a chair.

Lf jmmlvfcajiis qgfrrfv atf KN gfwbaf mbcagbi, jcv klatlc j rfmbcv, atf jcaldef fifmaglmji jqqiljcmf atja wluta tjnf yffc bnfg akb tecvgfv sfjgr biv oilmxfgfv, aegclcu bc remmfrroeiis lc jc ecfzqfmafv kjs.

Ktf mbibeg mtjcufv rilutais, jcv j tjhs rtjvbk mjwf bea bo atf vlrabgafv rmgffc.

Pa kjr j nfgs qbqeijg jcv yfjealoei gfqbgafg. JsXzdc

At that moment, the beautiful reporter’s face was full of smiles. She was standing on the edge of the [starry sky square], the most famous landmark in the Alliance Capital, and was excitedly broadcasting to the countless audiences in front of the screen. “…. Everyone knows that today is the wedding of Lu Zhizhao, the most eye-catching heir of the Lu family, and Ning Jiayi, the young master of the Ning family. This wedding is known as the wedding of the century. Yes, we all know that Lu Zhizhao’s mental strength has reached S-level two years ago, and Ning Jiayi’s mental strength also broke through S-level last year. It can be said that the both of them are indeed a match in heaven, and their degree of matching is even rarer than ninety percent… We can expect that the Lu and Ning family will have a deeper cooperation because of this wedding… Yes, the combination of Lu Zhizhao and Ning Jiayi has also been blessed by the masses…”

The TV was too old, and the reporter’s voice became harsh and fuzzy from time to time.

Su Liang sat in the chair blankly.

He wanted to turn off the TV, but his body became uncooperative for some reason. FUSOgL

The chill slowly seeped from his limbs towards his chest. He was clearly in his room, but Su Liang felt as if he was being dragged into a boundless sea of ice by an invisible hand.

He couldn’t move, so he could only open his eyes numbly, staring at the figures on the screen.

The reporter has disappeared from the screen, and the director couldn’t wait to cut the camera to the wedding scene.

In that luxurious setting, with the dazzling artificial stars in the sky, everything looked so ethereal and wonderful. T3BDdj

And the two people who walked on the red carpet step by step were even more radiant and handsome, as if they were princes who stepped into reality from a fairy tale.

Well, to be exact, Lu Zhizhao and Ning Jiayi are indeed “princes” in a sense.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Su Liang stared at the two people embracing each other tightly on the screen.

He suddenly realized that what he was looking at, was probably the recording and broadcasting of that wedding. psmtnL

It turns out that that person was getting married.

Su Liang heard a faint whisper in his heart.

Lu Zhizhao…………

He said the name silently. qlLSat

The man still looked calm in front of the camera. His smile looked a little strange, and Su Liang realised that he had never seen Lu Zhizhao smile like that before.

Regardless, he was still handsome, and Ning Jiayi was still beautiful.

The top-notch omega with picturesque eyebrows, looking exquisite and glamorous, looked like a perfect couple when he leaned on Lu Zhizhao’s side.

Everyone probably thinks so as well. 4gSQWR

The TV screen suddenly became fuzzy again.

Su Liang could only hear the deafening cheers of the people at the wedding scene when Lu Zhizhao and Ning Jiayi entered the venue.

It turns out when [two people] fall in love, it is possible to receive such a warm blessing.

This thought flashed through Su Liang’s mind. He then realized with hindsight that it was natural for two people to be blessed if they fall in love – it was only when he and Lu Zhizhao were together, that they were mocked and restrained by everyone. b20t 9

Because Su Liang is a beta.

And Lu Zhizhao is an Alpha.

They shouldn’t have been together in the first place.

In fact, at the time Lu Zhizhao left, Su Liang had already had the feeling that maybe, he would never see Lu Zhizhao again. vVmY7G

And his instincts were always accurate.

When he saw Lu Zhizhao on the TV, a flash of bitterness appeared in the depths of Su Liang’s body.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Inexplicably, a burst of strength came to him. Suddenly, his limbs that were disobedient were able to move again.

Su Liang felt that he should get up and get to work as soon as possible. However, his real movements, was to struggle to touch his communicator. Ub28d6

He looked at the screen, at the string of numbers that he had been mulling over in his heart, but didn’t press those buttons for a long time.

He still remembers Lu Zhizhao’s communication number.

But in the past two years, he had only called him in the first few months.

[“I’m still negotiating with them, and it’s so annoying. Those old stubborn coots of the Lu Family are still stuck in the last century. No wonder my uncle went to another place to avoid them… no, if these guys saw my uncle, they would have pissed in their pants a long time ago, and they won’t be here at all!”] G9p52Z



[“Xiao Liang…. I’m so tired…. I don’t know what to do anymore.”]

[“They won’t let me see Ah Yi….”]

[“Xiao Liang, don’t call this number in the future, I suspect that these old coots are listening in. Be good, when I’m done with these things, I’ll call you back!”] wFXVvZ

[“Xiao Liang, wait for my good news.”]

Later, Su Liang never contacted Lu Zhizhao again.

At this moment, he wanted to call the other part one last time without even knowing why.

It was as if even God had noticed Su Liang’s hesitation at this moment. He was still typing in the numbers,

At the same time, some old acquaintances sent him messages. zaj9qW

Among them was the illegal doctor with a stinky face and uncouth words in the underground clinic in that area. Over the past few days, Su Liang has felt a lot better by relying on the illegal painkillers that he illegally prescribed to himself.

[“Cutie, your medicine arrived, I got you some new ones, but the side effects might be severe and you might die from it. If you want it, then come by later.”]

Su Liang looked at the cold message and couldn’t help but smile.

The next second, another message popped in. dZEBoK

[“Surname Su,, you’d better not rely too much on the junk medicine that quack doctor gave you. If you don’t go to the regular hospital, you will be courting death. Don’t die in my house.”]

Thus was the landlord’s message.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

The doctor and the landlord were drinking buddies on the regular, and his medical condition has long been known by this cold-hearted uncle. Although he seemed vicious on the surface, Su Liang knew that the landlord was worried about him.

Even now, the reason why Su Liang could survive was because of all the “bad guys” who acted tough in this “garbage dump”. H39rEG

He didn’t know why, but looking at the messages on his old communicator made the heavy feeling suppressing his breathing fade away.

During the time when he was being hunted by the Lu family, Lu Zhizhao always thought that Su Liang’s poor health was because he had been hiding all year round.

But they all didn’t know that Su Liang was terminally ill.

Not long after Lu Zhizhao left, Su Liang was sent to the hospital because of a coma.

After that, he was diagnosed with gland dysplasia , a terminal illness. L26NOT

The kind doctor looked at the young Su Liang sympathetically, with doubts on his face.

But Su Liang could only smile bitterly at that time.

He didn’t even wait for further diagnosis and treatment, and because all account funds were frozen, he was unable to pay the medical expenses, and finally had to leave the hospital in embarrassment.

Before leaving the hospital, doctors diagnosed him at the time that he might not live more than three months. Lud7aR

But two years later, Su Liang is still alive.

It’s just that, he was exhausted.

For a long time, without even knowing why he was being so tenacious, Su Liang was struggling, like a cockroach, to live in this world. But today, Su Liang felt that he did not need to struggle any longer.

He suddenly felt that his body didn’t seem to be so painful anymore.

The anticipation, confusion, and waiting that were suppressed at the bottom of his heart suddenly disappeared the moment he attained the answer.

Su Liang felt an unprecedented ease. urnWZM

The long and luxurious wedding of the century was still playing on the TV screen. Su Liang listened to the melodious wedding march and left the dilapidated hut step by step, supported by the wall.

He went outside, found a place on the mountain of garbage, and sat down.

He picked up the communicator, this time he didn’t hesitate, but briskly pressed the string of familiar communication numbers.

The communicator connected faster than expected.

“Yes……” YPg96N

A strange, sleepy voice came from the other end of the communicator.

Su Liang did not speak.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

That was Ning Jiayi’s voice, Su Liang barely recognized the other’s identity.

Ning Jiayi’s voice was a little hoarse.

Then Su Liang suddenly remembered that for the person on the other end of the communicator, it was about time to sleep. 1ywF46

After all, there were only a few types of people who were up at this time. That is, those who were truly desperate, needing to prop up their bodies to do some work when the sky was still dark.

“It’s me-”

“Di——”

At the same time as Su Liang spoke, an electronic sound came from the other end of the microphone after the communicator was hung up.

Su Liang’s eyes were lowered, but there was no expression. vGRXwI

“I only want to congratulate you.”

He calmly faced the communicator that had no response, and said solemnly word by word.

The sky had turned a magnificent purple-pink, and a dazzling golden edge appeared on the horizon.

The sun rose.

Beep beep beep beep 7v alB

The old communicator rolled down from the top of the garbage mountain, and finally got stuck in the gap between garbage and trash.

It made a rapid ringtone, and on the cracked screen flashed the string of numbers that Su Liang had dialed not long ago.

It rang for a long, long time, but all the while, no one answered.

……

Su Liang died peacefully on the day after Lu Zhizhao and Ning Jiayi’s wedding. UVqd3X





Translator's Note

dysplasia means abnormal development of cells within tissues, so we can infer that gland dysplasia means that his glands were either underdeveloped or didnt develop properly





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 2


“Ah Liang…. Ah Liang…. Ah Liang!”

The woman’s voice gradually became audible. QMlPH6

Su Liang wizened up, and when he came back to his senses, the woman had already moved to stand at his side, reaching out her hand in worry to touch his forehead.

“What happened to you, did you get sick? Why are you so sluggish these days?”



Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Su Liang looked at her, and quickly shook his head. “I’m fine, you don’t have to worry sis, I’m just…. Just lacking sleep.”

The person who had been talking to Su Liang was his sister, Su Nuan. Although she was repeatedly assured by Su Liang, she still seemed a little worried. il6EVv

“Are you sure? Don’t lie to me, I’ve never seen you like this before.”



The woman sighed, her eyes filled with concern.

The bright sunlight fell into the room from the window.

It was a simple three-story house, and at that moment Su Liang was sitting in the kitchen with a plat of freshly baked biscuits in his hand.

NC4WJI

Su Liang met the eyes of the woman in front of him, who was very similar to him, and his chest ached slightly.

It was his sister, Su Nuan.

In his previous life, not long after his ridiculous elopement with Lu Zhizhao, his sister and brother-in-law went out of town because of the Lu family’s affairs, and then died in a car accident.



But at that time, he was seriously ill, all of his accounts and credit cards were completely frozen by the Lu family, and he wasn’t even able to go back in time for the funeral. Se5AIH

And when he could finally go back, all he could see was the cold tombstones.

Even now, when Su Liang thinks of that scene from his previous life, his eyes still get hot.

It’s really good…

He looked greedily at the sister in front of him, whispering in his heart. 0zvQox

Jiejie is still alive.

– Nothing has happened yet.

– He can still recover everything.

It’s been a week since he came back to the past, but it wasn’t until the past two days that Su Liang was barely able to control his emotions and face reality. Of course, he occasionally can’t help but feel elated, which aroused Su Nuan’s concern. nOdp8d

In fact, Su Liang didn’t even know why he could go back and live a second life – it was as if he had just went through a long, long nightmare.

After he closed his eyes and sank into the abyss of death on top of the ruined mountain of garbage, it was as if he had fallen asleep.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

When he opened his eyes, he found himself alive once more.

He didn’t know what was going on, but he was very grateful to God for giving him such a precious second chance. GgQe1d

When he woke up, everything was at its prime.

Thinking back on his previous life, even Su Liang himself thought it was ridiculous.

He obviously had so much already, and yet, why was he still greedy enough to covet Lu Zhizhao, why the hell was he arrogant enough to elope with him, and let himself be reduced to that miserable appearance.

If his sister at that time had already been a spirit, how sad she would be to see him ruining himself like that. QkSY43

Thinking of this, Su Liang couldn’t help but stand up and give Su Nuan a hug.

“Jie, I’m sorry.”

Su Liang couldn’t help but whisper.

Su Nuan was stunned, and then her expression looked even more worried. jd9miD





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


“Ct’Oljcu, jgf sbe regf sbe’gf bxjs…”

“P’w olcf, pera j yla rjv.”

Ve Oljcu yeglfv tlr tfjv bc tlr rlrafg’r rtbeivfg, jcv abbx j ibcu ygfjat.

“Alf, jgfc’a P pera rb raeqlv.” 1UVZls

Lf wegwegfv.

Ve Rejc mbeivc’a tfiq yea teu Ve Oljcu. “Qts vlv sbe revvfcis rjs atlr? Tbe jgf j olgra-mijrr rmtbijgrtlq raevfca, ktb rjlv sbe kfgf raeqlv? Qjla, jgf atbrf yjrajgvr ogbw atf Oe ojwlis qgbnbxlcu sbe jujlc?! P’ii ub ab atfw jcv rfaaif atf-”

“No, it’s not them.” Su Liang quickly grabbed Su Nuan. “This time it really has nothing to do with them, it’s just me imagining things.”

“Really?” ugIoRc

Su Nuan was still suspicious.

“Really.” Su Liang smiled at Su Nuan.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

But he could see that Su Nuan was actually still very worried.

In fact, looking back, during this period of time in his past life, he really didnt seem to be having a good timee. After all, in the Lu family, Su Liang was indeed an extremely embarrassing existence. MdoJ8r

Before the age of twelve, Su Liang was just another ordinary teenager in the Chinese Earth Federation.

He had an ordinary family, an ordinary life.

The only difference was that his parents died very early, and he could only rely on his sister Su Nuan.

Su Liang thought that he would grow up plainly, just like all the ordinary people around him. He had planned for a long time that he would study hard, and then try to find a job as soon as possible, so as to reduce the burden on his sister. OlqZ27

But then, at the age of twelve, Su Nuan underwent a period of differentiation, and Su Liang’s life was turned upside down.

Su Liang never imagined that his sister would eventually become an AA Omega.

High-level omegas are very important to High-level Alphas. Their pheromones can assist the spiritual growth of alphas, and it was even possible for them to achieve a second breakthrough after adulthood. Moreover, the same level of Alpha-Omega combinations are more likely to produce high-quality offsprings.

However, the differentiation rate of high-level Omega is extremely low, even far lower than that of Alpha of the same level. mwrk0o

So not long after his sister was successfully differentiated, she was noticed by the Lu family.

Then, it didn’t take long for his sister to become a “Mrs Lu”. Of course, as a through and through civilian, even a double-A level Omega like Su Nuan could only marry an obscure Lu family member of the Lu family side branch. But for most people, this was already a good situation they could only dream of.

After all, the Lu family… was the Lu family.

The Lu family that Lu Taipan, the only military god with double S rank in hundreds of years, belongs to. 3fAucI

Probably because of Su Nuan’s level, Su Liang, who was not yet differentiated at that time, was also brought into the Lu family.

“Our family’s Su Liang is so beautiful, he would definitely become a high-level omega in the future…”

Su Liang still remembered that his sister had stroked his head more than once, gently speaking.

Yes, before Su Liang differentiated, everyone thought so. L9q5Se

They think that Su Liang is likely to be differentiated into an Omega that is more advanced than his sister-because Su Liang is so beautiful.

Among omegas, the higher the rank, the more superior their appearance.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

And Su Liang was exactly the kind of beauty, that was so beautiful that he caught people’s eyes.

However, as the years passed, Su Liang’s differentiation period never came. kLGVAF

Finally, at the age of fourteen, he was diagnosed with information gland hypoplasia. Su Liang’s information glands will never develop throughout his life, so it is impossible for him to have a differentiation period.

He became an atypical beta.

In this world, a beta’s existence is like a worker bee’s, nobody pays attention, nobody cares.

All the expectations and investments that the Lu family placed on Su Liang were equivalent to nothing. ARdIzY

Fortunately, his sister and brother-in-law never treated Su Liang coldly because of his Beta status.

Although the brother-in-law married her because of his sister’s Omega rank, this man who was born in the Lu family had a warm personality and a good-heartedness that was diametrically opposite to most of the Lu family.

After Su Liang’s diagnosis, he even found Su Liang and sincerely comforted him.

“Actually, in the Lu family, it’s good for you to be a Beta. Look at your sister, although she is a high-level omega, she is actually under a lot of pressure. This society’s attitude towards omegas is really…” DUKGrj

The man’s tongue is clumsy, but his gentle heart is exactly the same as that of his sister.

Su Liang couldn’t help but smile at that time.

“Actually, I think so too.”

Su Liang smiled mischievously , and whispered. S9ybrz

Su Liang also thought that after being differentiated into beta, he would live a normal life like this, but fate was always mocking him.

That year, Su Liang went to the Lu family home for his sister to attend the regular annual meeting. In that boring dinner party, he met a cheerful young man.

He always asked Su Liang to call himself “A’Zhao”.

Just like his brother in law, “A’Zhao” was completely different from the Lu family, who was proud and arrogant. However, brother-in-law had a gentle personality and wasn’t good at words, while “A’Zhao” was approachable, cheerful, and straightforward. OXvb0h

Sometimes he is even like a boy who has not grown up, always able to do some daring and ridiculous things.

Su Liang had never been in contact with such a cheerful and unruly person since he was a child. It was hard to control, and he also had a strange longing for “A’Zhao”.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

“A’Zhao” is like what the young man in Su Liang’s dream looked like.

A clear, enthusiastic smile, unfettered by anything, free like a gust of wind. BgF49w

After a long time, a lot of things happened, and Su Liang realized that “Azhao” turned out to be the young master candidate that the entire Lu family was proud of and placed great trust in. He was one of the few Alphas in the entire league who could reach the S-level, and he was very young at the time, and he still had strong potential in the future. If he is lucky enough to find a high-level Omega to sort out his spiritual sea, he may even make a second breakthrough.

However, Lu Zhizhao inexplicably fell in love with Su Liang, an ordinary beta.

Looking back now, Su Liang didn’t know what made him dizzy.

He had never really been that uncontrollable. hPbop4

The death of his parents when he was young made him prematurely rub off the edges and corners that a young man should have. After being brought into the Lu family by his sister, although he didn’t care much, he also knew that he was out of tune with the circle of the powerful.

He was a very gentle person who hated trouble.

In his last life, he knew that he would cause a series of troubles, but he still dared to fall in love with Lu Zhizhao.

Oh, that’s right, Not only did they fall in love, but they also eloped in the end. After all, if they stayed in the Lu family, they would not be able to continue loving each other no matter what. ShjcDd

Thinking of this, Su Liang had the urge to, um, touch his forehead.

He really didn’t understand what happened to himself in his previous life.

To put it nicely, it’s probably “love brain”, to be realistic, it’s probably… stupidity.

Fortunately, he still has a chance.

At this time, his sister and brother-in-law were not dead, and he would not let them get into that tragic car accident. fhXmvo

And he had already noticed that Su Nuan and his brother-in-law were actually discussing how to leave the Lu family and establish their own business.

As for Su Liang, his studies are still excellent. He is sure that as long as he doesn’t fall in love and run away, he can complete his studies, get the offer he wanted, and completely escape the control of the Lu family.

Everything was so perfect, it was like a gift from God.

If there must be something wrong, it’s that he didn’t come back early enough. tmYTBx

Because at this time, he had already met Lu Zhizhao at the banquet.

And Lu Zhizhao has also revealed his identity. Now, he has become his best friend in the Lu family. Strictly speaking, his relationship with Lu Zhizhao at this time may be a little more intimate and a little more ambiguous than a friend.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Of course, Su Liang would not allow such a relationship to continue.

He was still trying to find a way to cut off relations with Lu Zhizhao… x hSec

However, during the day, Su Liang had made up his mind in secret, and at that night, a rhythmic knock knock sound came from the window of his room.

Su Liang was making up for this week’s assignments that he missed due to his trance, and didn’t react when he heard the sound from the window.

He thought that the sound was caused by the wind blowing the branches against the window. It was not until a tall figure appeared outside the window that he realized that the knocking sound was not the wind blowing leaves at all, but Lu Zhizhao sneaking up to his room, the signal from knocking on the window.

In the last life, he and Lu Zhizhao did have such an ambiguous moment similar to a young couple’s. TxDb9W

But in this life, when Su Liang looked at the man dancing outside the window, there was only fright in his heart.

“Xiao Liang, open the window, I only interrupted your defense system for one minute, if I don’t open the door, I will be discovered!”

Lu Zhizhao was still fumbling desperately, speaking exaggeratedly with his face close to the crack of the window.

In fact, in his capacity, it wouldn’t matter if he was discovered, but Su Liang was reminded by this sentence – he didn’t want Su Nuan to know about his affair with Lu Zhizhao. EOnoIg

Su Liang woodenly opened the window.

The Lu family’s most admired Alpha scrambled into his room, and the fragrance of the camphor trees outside the house was still faintly lingering on his body.

“Xiao Liang!”

Lu Zhizhao hugged Su Liang. LzoeAu

“Wow, it’s freezing outside.”

He muttered, and then like a big dog, he rubbed Su Liang’s shoulder.

Su Liang’s body was a little stiff.

He looked at the man in front of him in a trance. gtZKB4

For the him who has been reborn, he has not seen the real Lu Zhizhao for a long time.

On the TV screen, the Lu Zhizhao at the wedding was far more gloomy and stern than the man on his shoulder now. It was only now that Su Liang realized that Lu Zhizhao had changed too much after the elopement in those few years.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

Su Liang’s silence was obviously misunderstood by Lu Zhizhao.

Seeing that Su Liang didn’t respond to him for a long time, Lu Zhizhao touched his nose embarrassingly, then straightened up and carefully looked at the boy beside him. uZngHS

“Well, you haven’t replied to my communication these days.”

Lu Zhizhao spoke.

Su Liang blinked. He didn’t say a word. This week, he was immersed in the complicated thoughts of his own rebirth. Even if he saw the message from Lu Zhizhao on the communicator, he didn’t have any thoughts to pay attention to it. He didn’t even open it.

Seeing that Su Liang didn’t speak, Lu Zhizhao became a little hesitant. N2Zamn

After a while, he continued to speak dryly: “…it can’t be that you’re still mad.”

He said.

“Mad?”

Su Liang asked. rphBqt

He asked unconsciously, he really couldn’t remember any conflicts he had with Lu Zhizhao during this time in his last life, but Lu Zhizhao confirmed his thoughts: “Xiao Liang, you should be more kind, don’t be angry, I’ll apologize for Ning Jiayi, okay? He really didn’t mean it.”





Translator's Note

aka his glands were underdeveloped





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 3


“Ning Jiayi?”

Suddenly hearing the name from Lu Zhizhao’s mouth, Su Liang couldn’t help widening his eyes. xOj1N2

A delicate and beautiful face slowly emerged in his mind, and finally overlapped with the face of the beautiful and delicate elite Omega at the wedding in memory.

Su Liang naturally knew about Ning Jiayi.



Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Just like what Lu Zhizhao is to the Lu family, Ning Jiayi is also the beloved young master of the Ning family.

The most important thing is that Ning Jiayi has just entered puberty, and various physical data have shown that he is very likely to differentiate into the top Omega, of course, this also makes his body a little unstable. It just so happens that, for some very special reasons, the Lu family has the most advanced pheromone sorting equipment in the entire federation. In order to allow Ning Jiayi to enter the differentiation period without fail, Ning Jiayi was sent to the Lu family by Ning Jiayi when he was in his teens , so that he could regularly receive physical conditioning from the Lu family. qs6CpX

The Ning family is even more senior than the Lu family. If such a young master stays in the Lu family, he will naturally become Lu Zhizhao’s close friend.



He is Lu Zhizhao’s best friend, childhood sweetheart…

And now that Su Liang thinks back, he should also be the default choice of the Lu and Ning family to become Lu Zhizhao’s fiance.

That is, he was stupid enough in his previous life to really believe Lu Zhizhao’s incomparably frank explanation.

102WtL

“Me and Ning Jiayi? Please, he and I are really super innocent buddies, okay! I remember the embarrassment of that guy crying in the bed for a long time with acne at that time… You know, At this point, I really don’t have any feelings for him.”

Back then, Lu Zhizhao frowned, stretched out his arms, and forced Su Liang to take a closer look at the goosebumps on his arms.

“Look, I’m getting goosebumps! It’s impossible for Ning Jiayi and I to develop that kind of relationship in this life! It’s disgusting, okay! He himself said that if I dare to hit him, let me be careful about myself. his ass,” Lu Zhizhao said with disgust, “Tsk, he thinks too much, who wants to be with a guy like him… I already have someone I like.”



When Lu Zhizhao in memory said the last sentence, his eyebrows suddenly became much gentler. 9e1doy

The focused gaze fell directly on Su Liang’s body, causing Su Liang to blush involuntarily.

Probably because Lu Zhizhao’s attitude was too convincing at that time, Su Liang really believed it.

He believed that Lu Zhizhao and Ning Jiayi were just best friends, nothing more.

Moreover, since he had a close relationship with Su Liang, Lu Zhizhao would bring Su Liang to Ning Jiayi from time to time. In front of Su Liang, the young master of the Ning family was not as willful and disgusting as Lu Zhizhao said. 9rYdtA





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


It could even be said that he is actually very kind.

He is younger than Su Liang, always sweet, smiling at Su Liang and calling him “Su Liang gege“.

[“Su Liang gege, can you help me to buy a small cake? They don’t allow me to eat outside food, but I really want to eat small cakes… I heard that you all come from outside. Buying cakes in a dessert shop? It’s great, I’ve never eaten them. The Lu family’s cooks are full of nutrients, calories, and so on… The cakes they make are so unpalatable.”]

[“Su Liang gege, I’m sorry, I didn’t know that tomorrow was your date with A Zhao… Okay, okay, it’s not a date, I’m just worried that I will disturb you when I come over.”] aq5Wjd

[“Su Liang gege, Ah Zhao ran to accompany me yesterday, I’m sorry, I don’t actually have any friends in the Lu family. When I was sick, I was really scared, and Ah Zhao knew that, so he always guarded me… “]

……

Yo mbegrf, bmmjrlbcjiis Ve Oljcu mbeiv rff atf jggbujcmf atja kjr lcmbwqjalyif klat tlw ogbw Rlcu Aljsl’r ufraegfr, yea ja atja alwf, Ve Oljcu jikjsr ofia atja la kjr cjaegji obg tlw ab yf j ilaaif jggbujca ilxf j sbecu wjrafg ktb ugfk eq yflcu rqblifv.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

“Wljb Oljcu, sbe xcbk atja Aljsl’r afwqfg lr ilxf atlr, jcv atf vbmabg jirb rjlv atja tf tjr fcafgfv atf qgf-vloofgfcaljalbc qfglbv. Lf kjr nfgs ecmbwobgajyif veglcu atlr alwf, rb tf kjr mbcoerfv…”

Lu Zhizhao was still chattering in his ears. oazRj1

After hearing this, Su Liang slowly remembered what Lu Zhizhao said.

Yes, in his last life, it seemed that such a thing was true – the birthday present he gave to Lu Zhizhao was directly destroyed by Ning Jiayi.

In fact, it’s not a valuable thing, at least for people like Lu Zhizhao and Ning Jiayi, it really isn’t.

It’s just a limited edition model that Lu Zhizhao was thinking about. For Su Liang, the price is a figure that needs to be saved by working for a long time. Lu Zhizhao talked about it several times, but because he had been trapped in the Lu family for Alpha training, he had never bought it. Xm6wAY

Su Liang gritted his teeth and bought it. With some secret expectation, he carefully wrapped the model and sent it to Lu Zhizhao’s bedside in advance.

However, he could not wait for the surprise when Lu Zhizhao opened the package.

Because when he saw the model again, it had been torn apart in the hands of some kid.

It was the beloved grandson of a big man in the Lu family. He was clamoring for toys because of boredom. Ning Jiayi happened to see the model next to Lu Zhizhao’s bed, so he gave the model to the young children as a recreational plaything without hesitation. wMKfzh

“Ah? Is that a gift from you? I’m sorry, I don’t know, I thought it belonged to Ah Zhao. He also receives a lot of gifts every year, many of which are left unopened and left there. I I thought this package was the same thing.”

After the incident, Ning Jiayi opened his eyes very innocently and explained with a hint of surprise.

“You know that Ah Zhao has never cared about these things, and the children were so noisy at that time that I was afraid that the children would cry, so… I’m sorry, Brother Su Liang, why don’t I buy one to compensate you?”

Ning Jiayi said such words softly. zRc5G

“Jiayi, your brain is really not very good these days! You take my birthday present to tease the child?!” Lu Zhizhao nudged Ning Jiayi with his elbow, but he didn’t exert any force.

His tone sounded angry, but there was no blame in his eyes.

“You gotta buy me a snack next time! And you can pay for a model? That’s what my Xiaoliang sent me… You have to pay more for something to get past! Hurry up, get you Take out your star card account!”

Lu Zhizhao stretched out his hand, and soon began to squabble with Ning Jiayi with a smile.

…… w3XGzy

Vague memories flashed through his mind.

How did he feel in his previous life?

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Su Liang realized that he had forgotten some of his memory. But what is certain is that this matter will probably pass peacefully in the end.

After all, a young master like Ning Jiayi didn’t seem to have done anything wrong. My517P

And the model that Su Liang had to buy with gritted teeth was just a little thing that Lu Zhizhao didn’t need to pay too much attention to.

But in this life, because of his rebirth, Su Liang didn’t have time to pay attention to Lu Zhizhao for more than a week.

Instead, Lu Zhizhao came to visit his room at night, and he apologized to him very carefully and sincerely.

Thinking of this, Su Liang now suddenly couldn’t help laughing at himself. KsfWdn

He once again confirmed one thing—the him in his previous life was really ridiculously stupid.

In fact, he was not from the same world as Lu Zhizhao and Ning Jiayi from beginning to end. So many twists and turns of seemingly trivial things had happened, but he was completely oblivious.

Back then, why was he stupid enough to elope with Lu Zhizhao?

After being reborn once, Su Liang felt as if she had finally become a little smarter. Or, just wake up a bit. XrOT38

At least this time, seeing Lu Zhizhao who was still explaining and apologizing in front of him, Su Liang’s heart was as still as water.

“Lu Zhizhao.”

He spoke blankly.

“Xiao Liang, why don’t I pay you something else for him? I swear this time I will bleed his wallet dry, and I won’t tolerate him messing with the things in my room any more…” q4i8sB

“Lu Zhizhao, what’s your relationship with Ning Jiayi?”

Su Liang interrupted Lu Zhizhao.

The man was startled, and then looked at him in confusion because of Su Liang’s too dull voice.

“Xiao Liang?” Inexplicably, Lu Zhizhao felt that his tongue was a little stiff. He was obviously the top Alpha, but at this moment, he felt an unexplainable nervousness, “…Didn’t I say it many times, He and I are best friends.”

“Really?” Su Liang sneered, “Because they are best friends, so Ning Jiayi can ‘dispose’ of the things in your room for you, and you can ‘for his sake’, apologize to me.” 2dHt 6

“This…he didn’t do it on purpose.”

“You have repeated this sentence many times, Lu Zhizhao. ”

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

After a pause, Lu Zhizhao stared at Su Liang blankly and said:

“Xiao Liang, are you really mad?” JdIpzk

In fact, Su Liang’s tone was still soft when he spoke, and there was no trace of anger in his calm expression.

However, Lu Zhizhao was more flustered than ever when he faced an annoyed Su Liang.

“Well, yes, I’m very angry.” Su Liang passed Lu Zhizhao, then pushed open the window, the cold night wind poured into the room from outside the window, he leaned against the window, then turned his head to meet Lu Zhizhao’s gaze, “Please let Ning Jiayi apologize to me by himself.”

“In the gift I gave you, there was the birthday card and signature I gave you.” Su Liang suddenly said, “Ning Jiayi couldn’t have not realized that it was a gift from me—he did it on purpose.” PqEpLo

Then he pointed out the window.

“Alright, you can leave now.”





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 4


When Lu Zhizhao left, he looked a little stunned.

Su Liang remembered that Lu Zhizhao’s data was perfect, but it was such an Alpha who almost slipped off the balcony when Su Liang “invited” him out of the window. 321ePT

The young man was indeed confused.

Lu Zhizhao didn’t understand why the still gentle and understanding Su Liang suddenly changed – as if he became another person.



Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

A Su Liang who was completely unfamiliar to Lu Zhizhao, and he didn’t know how to deal with it.

According to Lu Zhizhao’s understanding of Su Liang, it was impossible for Su Liang to lose his temper over such a trivial matter, and he could not even care about Ning Jiayi. He has clearly explained that Ning Jiayi has entered the pre-differentiation period, people at this stage will experience severe discomfort due to the drastic changes in hormones, and Su Liang has never been the kind of person who cares deeply. t40BMG

But Su Liang’s unusually cold face shook Lu Zhizhao’s confidence.



He didn’t understand why such a minor thing could bother him that much.

[“He did it on purpose.”]

Su Liang’s unwavering voice seemed to still be in his ears.

QA2UhW

Lu Zhizhao stood below Su Liang’s window, involuntarily looking at the curtains that were shut unhesitatingly.

Ning Jiayi, did he really do it on purpose?



* * *



Su Liang went downstairs and reset the automatic protection system of his sister’s house.



After confirming that the protection robot started patrolling and that Lu Zhizhao was no longer in the monitoring range, Su Liang closed the control panel with his eyes down. z5bKJW

“Ah Liang?”

Su Nuan’s sleepy voice suddenly came from the stairs.

Su Nuan must have woken up when she heard the movement in the living room.

Su Liang knew that since marrying into the Lu family, Su Nuan had been under a lot of pressure. After so many years, the originally carefree sister has also suffered from severe neurasthenia, and even a small movement can easily wake her up. OewPcg





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Ca atja wbwfca, Ve Rejc kjr rajcvlcu cfza ab atf rwjii cluta iluta jcv ibbxfv ja tfg ygbatfg klat j qehhifv ojmf. “Qts jgfc’a sbe riffqlcu sfa ja atlr tbeg? Gb sbe ralii kjca sbeg ybvs…. Qjla, ktja jgf sbe vblcu klat atf qgbafmalbc rsrafw?”

Ve Rejc vlvc’a ibbx ubbv yfmjerf rtf vlvc’a gfra kfii. Vfflcu Ve Oljcu ralii rajcvlcu cfza ab atf mbcagbi qjcfi, rtf ibbxfv j ilaaif cfgnber.

“Was there an intruder?!”

She asked, eyes wide. J0ABbs

As soon as Su Liang saw Su Nuan’s countenance, she knew that she was frightened – the Lu family started by fighting with the Canaanites in the early years and finally entered the federation elites step by step.

And until now, there are still more than 20 districts’ legion forces under the control of the Lu family, or that poisonous snake of the Lu family.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

With such a background and such a force, it is inevitable that intruders sent by certain forces who are not afraid of death will sneak into the Lu family.

Su Nuan was also unlucky a few times. At that time, she was too frightened to move by the bloody scene. Until now, she still has a serious psychological shadow. dJcPre

Su Liang hurriedly adjusted the expression on his face, he smiled at Su Nuan reassuringly, and said in a very relaxed tone: “Where is the outsider? I heard the rustling noise in the kitchen just now, I checked and found that a mouse had come in.”

Then Su Nuan’s expression turned even worse.

“It’s just fine for someone to come and deal with it tomorrow, sister, go back to sleep first and leave it to me to deal with it.”

Su Liang calmly and perfunctorily said. P6E0mr

A message was added to the housekeeping system to arrange for a pest control company to come to the house.

After finally sending Su Nuan away, Su Liang also returned to his room.

He remembered that Su Nuan was still frowning before he left, and he kept mumbling that Su Liang shouldn’t bother with such chores at all, he just needed to concentrate on studying…

Su Nuan will never know that in another time and space, the younger brother she held in the palm of her hand, who she was unwilling to let do even a little ordinary housework, once fell to the bottom of the garbage dump for a man, for the sake of a few star coins worth of income, to work so hard that the fingerprints on the fingers disappear and the nails peel off. jqEAe7

In the end, the person she had raised as her sister with great difficulty died in a tragic pile of rubbish.

“Jie, I’ll listen to you.”

Su Liang stood by the window, looking at the empty courtyard downstairs, and murmured.

“I will concentrate on studying, and I will be fine.” Tk3Czv

Ning Jiayi…Lu Zhizhao…

Su Liang silently read the familiar name and sneered softly.

In fact, the days when he just eloped with Lu Zhizhao in his last life were not too difficult.

Of course, logically speaking, the two of them should’ve been able to experience all the tiny things living together entailed. They were destined to be lovers who would only be parted by death. Odd2Yw

But in fact, during the two years of elopement, Su Liang and Lu Zhizhao were still in love.

Yes, life is hard, and making money is far more difficult than they thought before eloping.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

But their days were not too difficult.

A top alpha like Lu Zhizhao can find a lot of work opportunities, and Su Liand was not the kind of rich and noble flower who never went through hardship. Those days when his parents died and his sister depended on each other to survive, he learned to live a careful life at a very young age. YED0wr

It’s just that they can’t live a luxurious life. Living an ordinary life, it was also quite good.

In some brief moments from his previous life, Su Liang sincerely thought that he and Lu Zhizhao could grow old together.

However, two years after they eloped.

Lu Zhizhao’s childhood sweetheart, the young master of the Ning family, Ning Jiayi has entered a real differentiation period. i trR9

Unsurprisingly, he became an omega.

Even what happened next, strictly speaking, did not betray expectations – according to the data retained in the system, after Ning Jiayi’s differentiation, he could achieve a 90% match with Lu Zhizhao.

……

Then, the Lu family’s pursuit of Lu Zhizhao suddenly became serious.

Their properties got frozen. axi4g8

Their credits suddenly became unusable. [?]

They could no longer find jobs and had no source of income – and the Lu Family no longer allowed them to have any source of income.

The worst thing is that since then, Su Liang’s symptoms had also begun to show.

It’s just that at that time, both Lu Zhizhao and Su Liang thought they were just too tired to live in an unfixed place. JCiRYU

The peaceful life the both of them lived, became cracked and broke in an instant.

It was real despair and hard work. Su Liang was so sick that he vomited blood and had no room to breathe. The bright, free and unruly eldest young master Lu Zhizhao shouldered all the burdens.

He became more and more silent, more and more gloomy.

In this way, after being on the run for a while, Lu Zhizhao finally made his final decision. RqAPVw

He told Su Liang that he was just briefly going back to the Lu family.

He said, that as long as the Lu family stopped searching, Su Liang could at least stabilize for a while and take good care of his body.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

He also said, that it doesn’t matter if the Lu family will not give up because of the pointless match, he can have a good talk with Ning Jiayi.

Ning Jiayi was a friend he had grown up with since he was a chid, and he would always help him. gOGlcm

“Heh.”

In this life, Su Liang finished washing up and laid on the bed in comfortable pajamas.

At the last moment before falling asleep, recalling the past, he sneered.

That night, his dreams were peaceful. R1Ujbw

But even Su Liang himself did not expect for Ning Jiayi to find him so quickly.

The next day, Su Liang was about to go back to school, but was stopped on the way by a lowkey but expensive private hover car.

“Su Liang gege.”

Ning Jiayi’s face was pale. UJXHKR

He tried his best to suppress his light cough, and after a while, he continued to look at Su Liang and spoke. “…..I, I came here to apologize to you… cough cough….. Cough… Ah’Zhao told me already, I think there must be some misunderstanding between us…. Cough cough cough……”





Translator's Note

raws really said 迦南人, which translates to canaanites

Translator's Note

hahahahahahahah legit more literal than expected





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 5


“Apologize?”

Su Liang slightly raised his brows and looked at the frail and beautiful young man in front of him coldly. t8D2ul

Ning Jiayi, who had entered the pre-differentiation stage, now has a bit of Omega aura, but compared to the future, the current Ning Jiayi now seemed to be troubled by the chaos of pheromones, his delicate and beautiful face shrouded in thick sickness.

Coupled with the uncontrollable light cough in his throat, he looked even more slender, as if a gust of wind could knock him down instantly.



Chrysanthemum Garden.

Su Liang could already sense the scrutiny of the passers-by that were looking at him and Ning Jiayi.

This made Su Liang feel a bit irritated. eDnSxC

“Ah’Zhao told me that you thought I deliberately ruined your things that day,” Ning Jiayi pursed his lips, and there was a hint of trembling in his voice. “I think that there must be a misunderstanding between us! Su Liang gege, I… cough, I really didn’t mean it. You’re a beta, so maybe you don’t know, but before the transformation into an Omega, the human body is really burdened, and I’ve been dizzy these past few days. I really didn’t notice the wrapping paper and the cards inside the box at all, I just wanted that kid not to cry.”



As he spoke, Ning Jiayi’s eyes started to turn slightly red.

“Su Liang gege, I beg you to forgive me, okay? I never thought about targeting you. I actually like being with you very much.”

“Oh.”

hgm0RA

Su Liang replied vaguely.

He looked at the personal terminal in his hand and checked the time.

Ning Jiayi didn’t seem to notice Su Liang’s movements at all. He sniffed, and then made a gesture.



The driver of the luxurious hover car immediately opened the trunk of the car and took out a beautifully packaged box. k438rA

Su Liang glanced at it, and through the transparent protective cover, he could clearly see that it was the model he gave to Lu Zhizhao before – no, if you look carefully, the model in this box is the same as the model Su Liang bought. The frame is only similar in appearance, but the details are much more exquisite, and the color level was also slightly better.

Ning Jiayi clapped his hands, and the driver handed the box to Su Liang.

“Su Liang gege, I’ll replace the model for you. Don’t be angry anymore, okay?”

Behind the driver, Ning Jiayi pitifully spoke to Su Liang. 1VmqGg

“This model is a prototype version made by Master Jia Shi, you see, there is also his personal signature on the base!” Ning Jiayi blinked and added earnestly, “This is the only handmade product in the world! It’s very precious. I bought it from another collector after a long time. If you give this to Ah’Zhao, he will be happy! Please! Please,Su Liang gege, don’t be angry—”

Before Ning Jiayi had finished speaking, Su Liang had already taken the box from the driver’s hand.

Even Ning Jiayi couldn’t help but get stuck at this moment.

There was a hint of astonishment in those watery eyes. dsZBSp

He really didn’t expect Su Liang to accept this model, and he didn’t expect Su Liang to meet with an expressionless face, looking at him very plainly, and then said:

“Alright, I forgive you.”

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“That, that’s really good.”

Ning Jiayi answered dryly. BO46hS

…. Actually, if it was the Su Liang from the previous life, he would probably forgive the ‘willful and clumsy’ young master of the Ning family with a truly gentle smile.

At least, he will not accept the model of the famous hand-made version so simply.

Ning Jiayi really didn’t lie about certain things. The models made by experts have always been expensive, otherwise they wouldn’t even be a limited edition.

This is indeed an extraordinarily expensive gift of apology. It is true that the former Su Liang would never accept it anyway. In his previous life, Su Liang had always been an outlier among the numerous young masters and young ladies in the Lu family. He had a gentle personality, but his self-esteem was damn high. rcBGTu





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Cii atf atlcur atja yfibcufv ab atf Oe ojwlis, ktlmt kfgf abb fzqfcrlnf jcv abb fzagjnjujca, tf kbeiv cba abemt klat j rlcuif olcufg. Yatfgklrf, jr j Zgr. Oe, Ve Rejc’r sbecufg ygbatfg, tf kbeivc’a tjnf ab kbgx qjga-alwf lc tlr rqjgf alwf ja eclnfgrlas. Yo mbegrf, atf uloa ab Oe Itlhtjb kbeiv cba wjxf la rb vloolmeia obg tlw ab yes la.



“Okay, you can go now.”

After Su Liang took the model, he casually clipped the model box under his arm, and then turned around. 6Yvcg

Ning Jiayi widened his eyes involuntarily, and subconsciously, he tried to stop Su Liang.

“Su Liang gege, you-”

Su Liang suddenly dodged, dodging Ning Jiayi’s hand that was reaching towards him abruptly.

“You haven’t calmed down yet.” 6zEaJ3

When Ning Jiayi saw Su Liang move as if he was avoiding a cockroach, he became even more anxious.

Su Liang looked back at Ning Jiayi.

Involuntarily, he thought of the face he had during the wedding on the TV screen.

In fact, even he himself thought it was a bit incredible. The reason was until now, he had felt no strong dislike towards the other protagonist present at the wedding, even if the other person directly stole Lu Zhizhao. c32 lZ

But that doesn’t mean he was unaware of everything.

In the last life, after Lu Zhizhao left, the Lu family had actually removed all constraints and oppression on Su Liang.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

However, the assets and files that Su Liang briefly recovered were quickly frozen again.

And it was more deadly, more meticulous, and without reason than before. 6ZrNLT

In addition, Su Liang got himself being accused by unbelievable haters inexplicably.

If it weren’t because of those unexplainable cases, Su Liang in the end didn’t even get the most basic medical treatment.

It was not until he found himself at the 48th district, the garbage dump that was considered hell on earth, that Su Liang learned very accidentally that it seemed that he had offended the Ning family to end up so miserable.

Thinking about that last marriage between the Lu and the Nings, many things became particularly clear. BHVZh6

What’s more…. After Lu Zhizhao left, Su Liang had repeatedly thought about why that person never came back.

As long as he wasn’t a fool. Ning Jiayi’s malice and disgust that were not cleverly concealed, could also be detected in such reflections.

After reliving his first life, Su Liang was grateful enough that his sister was still alive and that he had a second chance. He didn’t have too much energy and emotion to get entangled, suffer, not hate.

Ning Jiayi despised Su Liang. HFDVfJ

It’s good, it just so happened that in this life, Su Liang really didn’t want to see Ning Jiayi.

“I remember that you always receive tutoring from the Lu family?”

Su Liang shook off Ning Jiayi’s hand, which was wet and cold, as if it was like a snake that had just come out of its hole.

Ning Jiayi didn’t seem to understand why they suddenly turned to such an irrelevant topic. bMvRKi

“Ah, that’s right, my body isn’t that good, that’s why…”

Ning Jiayi said timidly.

“No wonder.” Su Liang raised his hand and showed the timetable on his personal terminal in front of Ning Jiayi. “Master Ning, I’m really sorry, I’m just an ordinary student. If us ordinary students are late for class, we can get called out by the teacher.”

Ning Jiayi’s face became a little ugly. DSjm4M

The Xingchuan University that Su Liang went to is one of the best universities in the entire Earth Federation, and all those who can enter it are the best of the best.

In comparison, Ning Jiayi’s Lu family’s private education was indeed a bit lacking.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

The weak and pitiful expression on Ning Jiayi’s face disappeared for a moment, and he couldn’t help glaring at Su Liang fiercely.

Su Liang was also looking at him. KWVDhN

It wasn’t until this moment that Ning Jiayi suddenly realized that Su Liang could have such an indifferent gaze again.

“You delayed me from going to class, Young Master Ning.”

Su Liang smiled coldly, glanced at Ning Jiayi, and then said word by word.

fL1J j

Naturally, Ning Jiayi didn’t miss the dark maliciousness and ridicule in Su Liang’s eyes.

Just like the fine thorns on miscanthus, it was usually as thin as nothing, but once it pierces the flesh, the fine thorns can make people restless and unbearable.

“What did you say?!”

Ning Jiayi subconsciously wanted to stop Su Liang, but Su Liang’s movements were much faster than Ning Jiayi. e1bDCJ

Even with a huge and precious model in his hold, Su Liang ran as fast as a wild deer in the forest.

In just a few steps, his back faded from sight.

“Master, do you want to catch up?”

The driver from the Ning family bowed slightly and asked respectfully in Ning Jiayi’s ear.

“……” gGPo1h

After being silent for a while, Ning Jiayi turned gloomy and sat back in the car.

“No need.”

He spoke, his face ugly.

Almost as soon as he got into the car, his personal terminal vibrated. dPn7YM

It was a call request from Lu Zhizhao.

Ning Jiayi stared at the communication with his eyes down, he closed his eyes.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

And when he opened his eyes again, the pitiful, weak, young white flower who appeared in front of Su Liang appeared again on the other end of the communication.

“Jiayi! Where have you been?! Your treatment in the treatment cabin this morning has not ended, why are you not in the hospital?!” YsilxO

Lu Zhizhao’s anxious and tense face appeared on the channel.

He glared at Ning Jiayi sternly, and soon found that Ning Jiayi was actually in the suspension car: “Don’t tell me you really ran out! Do you still want your body!”

Lu Zhizhao’s voice increased again.

“I….. cough cough….. I…” BFDfQX

Ning Jiayi sniffed, and he tried his best to squeeze Lu Zhizhao a smile that looked uglier than crying.

“I didn’t mean to make you worry, I just wanted to apologise to Su Liang gege.”

Lu Zhizhao was instantly dumbfounded.

After a long pause, Lu Zhizhao continued to speak, but his voice became much dry. Vy5vo9

“You can go to Su Liang after the treatment is over. What good will you do if you run out and evade treatment.”

“But you also said that Su Liang gege was really angry, and he thought I was targeting him… How could I still lie in the treatment room and receive treatment?! Ah’Zhao, you know, You and Su Liang gege are my best friends in the Lu family, and I don’t want to lose any of you.”

“But—”

“If you apologize for me, Su Liang gege will get angry. Of course I have to find him myself, that is….” ZBv0VO

As Ning Jiayi was speaking, a secondary message was suddenly inserted into the terminal.

Ning Jiayi glanced at it from the corner of his eyes, focusing on it, and his expression stiffened for a moment.

Lu Zhizhao immediately noticed that something was wrong with Ning Jiayi, couldn’t help frowning and asked, “Jiayi, what’s wrong with you?”

Ning Jiayi lowered his eyelashes to hide all the emotions in his eyes, but the fear in his voice became stronger. DMktPZ

“I, I’m here to apologize. I specially gave Brother Su Liang a signed model made by a master. Brother Su Liang also accepted my apology. I, I thought he really forgave me, but… …but…I found out just now that he seems to have sold it immediately.”

Because Ning Jiayi had deliberately searched for information about the model before, and this was not an ordinary model, once there was a sale news on Star Online, the intelligent system would automatically push it to Ning Jiayi.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

There were some tears in Ning Jiayi’s eyes.

“Ah’Zhao, I don’t know what to do. I don’t know what Su Liang gege wants from me. I really tried my best to apologize, but he doesn’t seem to be willing to forgive me no matter what. Him doing this, he must still be mad at me.” gMcZC6

“You’re thinking too much.”

From the other end of the communicator came Lu Zhizhao’s decisive voice.

“Xiao Liang is not that kind of person. He is a very simple person and has no serious thoughts. If he accepts your apology, it means that he has accepted your apology. As for him selling that thing, it should be purely because the model made by the master is too flashy. After all, I have always liked the model. You apologize to him, why did you give the model? He probably didn’t know how to tell you directly, so he did it. You don’t think too much.”

Ning Jiayi lowered his head, the boy’s fists were already clenched white in places that the communication cameras couldn’t see. B2CFjA

“Is it really like this? Then I’m relieved.”

Ning Jiayi raised his head and forced a smile.

Lu Zhizhao continued. “That is, a person like Xiao Liang would be so considerate, and changing someone would probably only make him more angry…”

Ning Jiayi’s figure suddenly swayed slightly, he bit his lip, and his breathing became obviously rapid. qHhVTF

He pressed one hand on his chest, gasping for breath, interrupting Lu Zhizhao’s chattering praise to Su Liang with difficulty: “Azhao, I’m sorry, I… I seem to be out of breath.”

After speaking, he suddenly fell towards the seat.

“Jiayi—” Lu Zhizhao shouted in panic. But this time, Ning Jiayi did not respond to him.

Ning Jiayi fainted because of physical discomfort rI21TC



* * *



tn: dont worry, they’ll get worse





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 6


There is an important reason why high-level Omegas are so rare in this world, that is, the higher-level Omegas have a more difficult differentiation period. Omega’s body is naturally weak, but the high-level Omega has an abnormally surging mental power. Once they enter the pre-differentiation period and begin to transform, high-level Omegas are like using a membrane to resist the waves in the storm-they are very likely to collapse due to the overactivity of their mental power.

And someone like Ning Jiayi who had already shown various Omega physiological characteristics at a young age was especially delicate. 3BtnpJ

Otherwise, it would be impossible for the Ning family to send him to the Lu family early to receive pheromone and mental conditioning — the parents of the Ning family were also very worried that Ning Jiayi would not be able to successfully complete the differentiation period because of his high level. This time, Ning Jiayi ran out of the hospital to find Su Liang secretly. If it was done by an ordinary Omega, it would be just a trivial matter. But the person who did such a thing was Ning Jiayi.

Maybe it was the morning breeze, maybe it was the slight burden of having to ride the hover car, or maybe it was the emotional damage when talking to Su Liang and Lu Zhizhao… In short, the result was that Ning Jiayi not only fainted, but he had to be sent to the medical cabin for in-depth treatment after fainting.



Chrysanthemum Garden.

All of his indicators became very bad, bad enough for Lu Zhizhao to forget everything and he stood outside the ward with a pale face, falling into great worry because of him.

Of course, Su Liang, who had just completed all his lessons for the day, knew nothing about what happened in the Lu family’s private hospital. EDXy2J

At this moment, Su Liang was sitting in the classroom of Xingchuan University, and he looked at the youthful and noisy classmates around him with satisfaction.



For his classmates, he just didn’t come to class for a week because he was unwell, but for Su Liang, the friends around him, this classroom, and the courses the professor just taught… For Su Liang , it was like a lifetime.

And in a sense, it is indeed “another life”.

In the last life, Su Liang chose to escape from the Lu family with Lu Zhizhao for love. Under such urgent conditions, it was naturally impossible for Su Liang to continue his studies.

7w9Ech

Back then, when the situation was not so difficult, Su Liang could still receive communications from the professor who taught him and a few close friends from time to time.

All of them were furious and scolded Su Liang for being too hasty. However, in his previous life, Su Liang could not give up Lu Zhizhao and return to the classroom. As the days get tougher, they communicate less and less.

Then, there was no contact anymore.



Thinking of the mistakes he made in the past, Su Liang had to use a lot of willpower to avoid red eyes in the classroom. K5ngQY

“Su Liang, wait, don’t go yet. You probably didn’t read the newsletter because of your illness. The professor is already urging people to hand in the post-graduation letter of intent. You are the only one left in the class, remember to go to the office and submit the application form to the professor! This is a major event in life, you must remember!”

At the end of the last class, the students left the classroom one by one carrying their bags.

The class representative suddenly rushed back from the door at the last minute to remind him.

“Ah?” xF0H1

Su Liang was stunned for a moment, then remembered that there is such a big event in normal life.

“Thanks for the reminder, I’ll go now.”

He spoke gratefully.

The students of Xingchuan University are all true geniuses. Before graduation, almost all of them will be appointed by major groups in the star region. Unlike other ordinary people, they do not need to worry about their future livelihood at all. m6zvhn

As long as they can successfully graduate, they will naturally enter the institutions and companies of various groups, and then get a good salary and have an extremely good life.

Of course, this kind of guarantee will also follow the students’ own considerations. After all, there are usually different forces behind the students who can enter Xingchuan. It was impossible for a student under the Eagle lineage to enter an institution under the Doves’, and the liberals will never allow their children to go to a conservative company for further education.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

Therefore, before graduation, all students of Xingchuan need to submit a seemingly ordinary employment intention form to the school-this will mean which force they will attach to and become the new blood of which group in the future.

In the world before his rebirth, when Su Liang hadn’t eloped, he naturally chose the Lu family without hesitation. Even though he didn’t really like the Lu family’s intertwined struggles and suppression, but in the Lu family at that time, there was Lu Zhizhao. Ww40EL

Su Liang had just wanted to be with Lu Zhizhao.

But this time, Su Liang looked at the intention form and entered his choice without hesitation.



* * *



“Su Liang, your choice… are you serious?





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


The retiring professor took off her glasses and wiped them with her handkerchief. HfxEAr

Vtf mbcolgwfv Ve Oljcu’r lcafcalbc obgw, jcv atfc ibbxfv kbgglfvis ja tfg yfibnfv raevfca.

“Zc, P’nf rfglberis atbeuta jybea la.”

Ve Oljcu rabbv lc ogbca bo atf qgbofrrbg j ilaaif cfgnberis.

Dfobgf tlr gfylgat, atf qgbofrrbg kjr atf bcf ktb rmbivfv tlw atf wbra olfgmfis jcv wfgmlifrris. Ktlr alwf, tf kjr gfjvs ab wffa atf qgbofrrbg’r lgf, yea tf vlvc’a fzqfma atf qgbofrrbg ab pera qbcvfg obg j ibcu alwf. Ktf ijra tfjns rfcafcmf kjr cfnfg rqbxfc. 8eHCYI

In the eyes surrounded by fine wrinkles, there is only worry and concern for her student.

“I know you belong to the Lu family, but… your surname is not Lu. Once this form is submitted, you will regret it, and it will be very difficult to enter the core department again. These groups value you very much. The sincerity of these children, if you reject them this time, it means that you have completely lost their trust in you. In today’s world, life outside the core area is very sad. And the place you want to go is still District 48… …”

“Teacher, I know. District 48 is a garbage dump and a gathering place for scum, and because of this, almost no one wants to go there. As long as children are born there, even if they are determined to study, it is impossible to find a teacher. Even the educational robots allocated to them by the government are the most outdated, and it is impossible for children to learn any useful gestures from robots. So, they can only roll in the garbage, and then come out early to make a living, and spend their last life in The lowest level of life is wasted. Those kids need someone who can take them out of the forty-eighth district. Teacher, I know this is a naive idea, and it’s not even possible to succeed, but I want to try.”

Su Liang whispered and repeated his thoughts. FXE3vK

While speaking, the people who helped him in his previous life when he was struggling to survive in District 48 appeared in his mind.

In fact, not long after he came back from his rebirth, he had already made this decision.

The reason why God gave him a second chance was probably because he wanted him to give back to those who had helped him.

“The Lu family will never lack elites who serve them, but the children in the 48th district who are not taught, they need a teacher.” 3XToEi

The professor was silent.

After a long time, she smiled at Su Liang very gently.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“Since you think so, don’t regret it, don’t hesitate to stick to it.”

The professor was actually very worried, and Su Liang could see it, but she still submitted the form for Su Liang. SNZ0hd

Before leaving, she even stuffed Su Liang with a lot of extra-outline information.

“Since you want to be a teacher, you need to learn a lot more than the people sitting in the holographic office. You’d better study them thoroughly for me, and I will test you regularly.”

The professor said so.

“Ah?” SskrgU

Su Liang was originally relaxed, but at this time he couldn’t help being dumbfounded.

However, when he walked out of the teaching building with extremely heavy schoolwork, Su Liang felt that the corners of his mouth were always pulling upwards.

He didn’t have many classes today, and it wasn’t too late at this time.

Su Liang looked at the sky and planned to go to the library again to consolidate the homework he had left during this time, and by the way, look at the “snack” given to him by the professor. U0rwes

There are several libraries in Xingchuan University, but Su Liang wanted to find a cleaner place, so he chose the old library that few people would go to without hesitation.

The old library can be regarded as the oldest building in the entire Xingchuan University, and it was built even before the Canaan War. However, it is precisely because it is too old that even basic holographic facilities cannot be installed, so people can only read some old paper books inside.

In addition, many strange campus stories in Xingchuan University happened in the old library, saying that there will be ghosts there, and there will always be unbelievable things at night.

Over time, even the best students rarely go there. wdQUzi

“Junior Su, why are you still walking around campus so late? Do you love studying that much?”

On the way to the old library, a tall boy suddenly ran up to his side.

“Senior?”

When Su Liang heard the familiar voice, his expression became a little stiff. cHQlrL

The boy beside him was tall and big, as if every cell was shouting at passers-by: I am a high-level Alpha.

Su Liang didn’t know why the senior from the foreign department would look at a beta like him, but after thinking about it, it was because of his face.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

After all, since entering Xingchuan, many people had plans towards Su Liang because of his beauty, but those people are not as cheeky as this senior, and even after Su Liang refused several times, he can still try to talk to him as if nothing had happened.

“I’m going to the old library.” tPBu84

Su Liang politely said to the senior with a hint of indifference, and shook the book in his hand.

“Wow, just right, I actually have an exam in a few days, why don’t we go together?”

The alpha senior’s eyes lit up and he spoke casually.

“Whatever.” MV3K6J

Su Liang said softly.

Su Liang knew very well from his past life’s experience that soon, this cheeky senior would find his destined omega, and would be bothering that omega everyday and wouldn’t bother him any longer.

So he didn’t pay too much attention to this senior’s bother.

…. And based on what he knew about the senior, he would spend about half an hour in a place like the library, and would quickly slip away because of boredom, and wouldn’t be a hindrance to himself. jWMLo

In this way, Su Liang and the senior started walking side by side towards the old library.

The senior next to him seemed to have received a great reward, his entire face captured in a smirk, looking extraordinarily proud.

However, this one-sided happiness lasted only a short time.

Because while he was walking, he noticed that the senior’s footsteps began to slow down, as if he was suddenly plagued by something and could not move even his legs. dwy5CD

“Senior, are you unwell?”

Su liang turned his head and asked the senior politely.

He didn’t care too much at first, but when he saw the senior’s face, he couldn’t help but be startled.

Before he knew it, the senior’s face had already turned pale and his forehead was coated with cold sweat. ExvdHj

“Ha, ha, I’m fine.” The senior insisted, “I just feel a little dizzy… Do you think the atmosphere here is a little uncomfortable?”

He asked tentatively.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Su Liang looked around in confusion, the sunset was bright and the evening breeze was cool.

“No.” 8nSm05

In fact, without the senior’s reminder, Su Liang didn’t feel anything, but now, after a closer inspection, Su Liang inexplicably felt a very comfortable aura floating in the air.

With the gusts of wind, he even got into a good mood.

“It’s like this.”

The senior said dryly. GPzqyS

He gritted his teeth and walked a few steps behind Su Liang, and finally called out to Su Liang with a pale face. “I’m sorry, I’m really uncomfortable, and I might not be able to accompany you today.”

Before Su Liang could speak, the incomparably powerful Alpha, who had always been very proud of his rank in the past, had already run away. When he left, his back showed panic and fear.

As if… he was running away from something.

Su Liang was actually a little confused about the senior’s sudden departure, but the senior quickly sobered up after leaving the area of ​​the old library. lzdYf9

“Damn, what the fuck am I doing?!”

The senior thumped his chest and stomped his feet, completely not understanding why he was behaving so inexplicably just now.

He didn’t actually know what happened, he could only vaguely remember that just approaching the old library, he felt a chill behind his back, and when he reacted, he had already run away subconsciously.

YDauzv

It was as if his Alpha instinct was screaming at his body, screaming for him to leave quickly.

Otherwise….

What would have happened?

The young alpha didn’t know. Gp7fnm

He wasn’t even sure if the aura that made him flee in embarrassment was another Alpha’s pheromone: a high-level Alpha could indeed force a low-level Alpha to leave the territory quickly through coercion and pheromone.

However, as a double-A-level Alpha, the senior never thought that anyone could release such a terrifying aura.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

That is simply not the power that humans can radiate.

It was as if some monster had crawled out of hell. jUW7MP

Even someone ss powerful as him, got so frightened that he hugged his heads and ran away, and even forgot to bring Su Liang——

Wait, Su Liang.

The senior suddenly remembered that the place where Su Liang was going was the old library.

Countless terrifying school gossips that he thought were nonsense before flashed through the senior’s mind. He secretly thought that it was not good, and wanted to send a message to Su Liang to let him leave the library quickly. However, when he reached for the communicator, the senior was horrified to find that his hand was shaking so much that he couldn’t hold the communicator at all. p4o6su

What happened?

The senior looked at his trembling hands in a daze.

Suddenly, he faintly noticed something, raised his head, and looked around him.

He soon discovered that several alphas were as weak as him, their faces were pale, and their bodies were shaking like quails. JNtL r

It just so happened that there were a lot of people he knew.



And these alphas are all high above A grade.



* * *



The author has something to say： f7HPY8

Lu Taipan’s progress bar: accumulating power.





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 7


The library in the setting sun was shaded by dense trees, and the lighting was slightly dim.

To be honest, Su Liang had come here a few times on occasion before, and had felt that the atmosphere of the old library was a little gloomy. That day, the library was even more quiet and empty. There was no one in the massive library. The only sound was the autonomous robots that were busy everywhere in the library, and the hissing from gears and sliding belts that had not been maintained for a long time. The hissing, from a distance, sounded like some specters whispering in the dark. jfz53d

However, Su Liang never felt uneasy at all, staying in such an old library. On the contrary, he even felt more relaxed and comfortable here than anywhere else.

It was an indescribable feeling.



Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

Su Liang leaned on the back of the chair, looking at the rustling bushes outside the window, enjoying the gentle breeze caressing his cheeks, and involuntarily relaxed his entire body. Obviously, he had come to read the books, but got distracted and fell into a bout of unexplainable languor.

Su Liang has not been so relaxed for a long time. fqD5ab

Whether in his previous life or in this life, Su Liang had tense nerves almost the entire time. In his last life, the elopement with Lu Zhizhao was stupid and difficult. In this life, if he wants to change the trajectory of his life, the clockwork in Su Liang’s heart tightened even more.



Study hard.

Help his sister and brother in law leave the Lu family.

Save money.

bP0RhS

Find a way to distance himself from Lu Zhizhao and Ning Jiayi….

There were so many things that Su Liang had to do, and he couldn’t afford to relax.

Until that moment, sitting in the empty old library, his restless heart became serene little by little.



He didn’t even notice that he was casually flipping the pages of the book with his fingertips, but his body was getting closer and closer to the window. b5PGCX

The breeze was cool.

There was a faint, unusually faint smell floating in the air. The smell reminded Su Liang of moist fog, moss, and the incense buried in ice and snow.

The aroma has become so light that it is almost impossible to distinguish, but Su Liang still feels it smells good.

Was there someone who left their perfume here? azC3rA

Su Liang thought.



If only he could find out what perfume it was – Su Liang, who was not interested in perfumes at all, regretted it at that moment.

XaIUAj

This scent felt familiar to Su Liang, It was as if he had smelled it a long, long time ago.

But Su Liang tried hard to recall it, but still couldn’t remember it.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Dea cb wjaafg ktja, Ve Oljcu kjr kliilcu ab rajs tfgf fnfc pera yfmjerf bo atf ogjugjcmf lc atf jlg ja atf wbwfca jcv atf rlifcmf jcv agjcdelilas bo atf fcalgf ilygjgs.

Lbkfnfg, la vlvc’a ajxf ibcu obg tlr mbwweclmjabg ab iluta eq, jcv la kjr cfkr ogbw Oe Itlhtjb. 1loFEL

[Xiao Liang, we need to talk.]



Lu Zhizhao seemed to have sent several messages. Judging by its contents, it seemed that something had happened.

Su Liang stared at the screen and frowned slightly, the previous good mood dissipating. c9GXzW

[Talk about what?]

He sent a reply.

Lu Zhizhao’s reply this time came quickly: [Xiao Liang, I’m at Xingchuan’s gate, let’s meet up and talk. ]

Su Liang read this sentence, lowering his eyes. 1Z 0VD

[Ok.]

He replied, and then sighed.

Although he didn’t want to see Lu Zhizhao, Su Liang had felt that it might be better to take this opportunity and clarify several things with Lu Zhizhao directly.

WCmF48

After packing up, Su Liang suppressed the slight dissonance in his heart and quickly left the old library.

However, just as he went down the steps of the library door, he suddenly felt that the back of his neck had swelled slightly. Inexplicably, Su Liang felt as if someone was behind him, staring at him.

Su Liang subconsciously turned his head and looked behind him, but there was no one in the empty library hall.

“Was it an illusion?” zybZsf

Su Liang muttered, frowning while he rubbed his neck, and then continued to walk outside.

The slender and sluggish beta naturally wouldn’t know that on the top floor of the old library, in a dark and hidden room, a man retracted his gaze from the front of the old library.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

He was a very tall and thin man, with pale skin, hair and eyes as dark as night, with facial features that were extremely handsome and deep, an almost insidious beauty.

However, no matter who it was, when looking at him, it was hard to perceive his handsomeness. MjHNz8

It was because the aura lingering around this man was too terrifying.

Even just by looking at him, the primal instinct deep in one’s body will immediately rise. In the face of intense fear and the feeling of crisis between life and death, no one can focus enough to pay attention to his appearance.

Moreover, what the man was wearing at that moment was actually quite strange.

l62fRm

Something akin to some sort of metal spinal exoskeleton firmly covered the man’s back till his nape, like some sort of steel monster .

Several metal tubes, as thick as fingers sprung out directly from the metal parts and plunged into the blood vessels on the back of the man’s neck.

The lower half of the man’s face was covered by a mask, similar to a bite stopper, and only a pair of abyss-like eyes were exposed, without showing any emotions.

His limbs were bound by heavy metal rings. If anyone knowledgeable saw these things, they would know that they are restraints used to restrain the highest-level biological weapons. QuWl20

This man even had his fingers tightly bound, as if he was really some kind of vicious and terrifying criminal.

However, the temperament and expression he showed when he sat down on the old wooden chair was reminiscent of a tyrannical king who was extremely centralized, holding supreme power and all lives and deaths thousands of years ago.

A dusty window was beside the man, opened with a slight slit.

“Huh? There are still human activities in the library area? Are the Canaan spies looking for death again?” g1xQdA

A brisk synthetic mechanical sound rang out in the room.



Beside the man, a “person” with a dull face and an unusually well-proportioned body is sitting cross-legged in front of a machine, with countless metal tentacles sticking out from behind it to connect with the machine.

Complex symbols and data flashed on the machine’s screen. dEzdYj

From the appearance point of view, the person who is talking is a standard A-K125 housekeeping android.

However, even the most high-end housekeeping robot cannot crack the firewall of the machine in front of it as quickly as it does, nor can it have such a humanized conversation.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“No.”

The man responded to the doubts of the sgzRmd

special android for the first time.

Thus, this caused the android to speak up in an instant.

“Wow, this is interesting. In theory, as long as you appear, normal humans will stay away from your area based on their primal instincts even when unconscious. Of course, I’m not describing you as a kind of biological weapon, but our current confinement device is really difficult to control your spiritual overflow, and it is inevitable that you will become hated. Think about those poor Alpha assassins, I just caught a few days ago. They were so scared that they wet their pants even before they could enter the inner courtyard… Are you really sure that the humanoids that can still walk in your domain are not some advanced biological weapons?”

“It was just a stray cat.” VmBIyg

The man coldly refuted.

He didn’t seem to have any extraneous feelings for someone who wasn’t supposed to be in his realm.

But those who are familiar with him will know how odd he was at the moment – while he spoke flatly, he tapped the arm of the chair with his fingers very lightly. A secret command was instantly sent to all his subordinates through the built-in communication device. In the bushes of the old library, in the shadow of the building, in the trap under the shade of the tree… The top private guards lurking in the dark stopped all movements the moment they received the order.

It was precisely because of the man’s acquiescence that the slender and dull figure was able to leave the old library very calmly and safely step by step. hs2LpG

It was impossible for the man’s movements to be unnoticed by the android beside him. After all, it should actually be called one of the top artificial intelligence in the entire Earth Federation.



Realizing that the man had directly revoked the order to “obliterate all unauthorized personnel entering the old library”, the android’s eyes began to sparkle.

“Stray cat?” Its head suddenly turned 180 degrees, and its dull plastic face stared at the man, “You’re talking about the kind that has two feet, looks very, very beautiful, and the gender is… ah, what a pity, It turned out to be a beta… stray cat?” mrONuf

While uttering a strange gossipy sentence in a wacky electro-synthetic voice, the android dangled a stalking tentacle from its body and gestured at the window.

“How come I wasn’t aware that you liked cats?”



It muttered raggedly. C6c7iJ

It adjusted its position and tried very curiously to see the figure that had long since disappeared, but at this moment, the man raised his eyebrows and looked at the center of the android’s brain.

Then the tentacle snapped back to its original position in an instant.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

“Can’t even take a look? Aren’t you being too stingy?”

The AI mumbled, disgruntled. kdjBmV

It also continued to crack the firewall of the machine in front of it.

The man did not respond.

He was as gloomy and indifferent as ever.

LSgu9X

At that time, he had closed his eyes slightly, not making any explanation for his strange reaction at that moment.

A light and soft breeze blew past the window, bringing with it a very faint scent.

The aroma had faded to almost nothing, and there was no one who could detect it, even the extremely terrifying man who was considered a monster by everyone.

However, it does exist. Om eTW

Therefore, in the golden-red twilight, the man who had long been tortured by the disease for a long time felt a sense of relief after a long absence.

He felt that today’s wind was very comfortable. When it was blowing on his body, the severe pain that had been rooted in his limbs and bones seemed to have faded a lot.





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 8


Su Liang saw Lu Zhizhao at the school gate.

He was leaning on the door of the hover car with an ugly look on his face. Anyone could see the low air pressure shrouding him, so even at this time, there were not even his followers around him that were difficult to chase away in the past. They probably sensed that Lu Zhizhao was in a bad mood, so they all wisely chose to avoid him to avoid bad luck. AzEW0r

—– No matter how kind, cheerful and affable he was, the heir of the Lu family is always high and powerful, and no one was stupid enough to take risks and cause unnecessary trouble.

Except for the too stupid guy in his previous life, named Su Liang.



Chrysanthemum Garden.



Su Liang paused when he saw Lu Zhizhao’s figure, but soon he continued to walk towards him. NAjKS3

“Lu Zhizhao.”



He shouted.

Lu Zhizhao immediately raised his head.

“Xiao Liang, you are finally here!”

QgUw0v

Lu Zhizhao wanted to hold Su Liang’s hand following his previous habit, but Su Liang cleverly avoided it. Lu Zhizhao looked at Su Liang in astonishment, but Su Liang just looked back at the person in front of him very calmly.

However, the meeting between the heir of the Lu family and the gifted student in the school is really interesting enough. Su Liang already felt that some people in the school were looking at him, and he frowned imperceptibly.

“Let’s get into the car first.”



Su Liang got into the hover car, and soon Lu Zhizhao also got into the driver’s seat/ HrXkR0

The car rose into the air, and drove smoothly.

“Xiao Liang, didn’t your class end very early? Why did you come out so late? It made me very worried, and I almost went in directly to find you…”

While driving the car, Lu Zhizhao said to Su Liang, his tone sounded as gentle as before, but after living with this man for too long in his last life, Su Liang effortlessly noticed Lu Zhizhao’s tension hidden in his soft tone.

He ignored Lu Zhizhao’s seemingly small talk, but looked ahead and asked directly, “What do you want to say to me?” vsbz8L

Lu Zhizhao made a sound.

After a while, Lu Zhizhao said solemnly: “Jiayi, he entered the emergency medical cabin today.” After a while, he added, his voice even lower, “Did you say something to him? After looking for you to apologize, his body directly worsened.”

Although he had already expected that the topic Lu Zhizhao wanted to talk to him about was probably not pleasant, but after hearing Lu Zhizhao’s vague words, Su Liang’s eyes still widened in surprise.

He turned his head and looked at the man beside him, who was already showing a bit of a battered look, in a very bewildered way. aPoG2e





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


“Ning Jiayi came to me to apologize, and I accepted it. After that, he entered the medical cabin. What does it have to do with me?”

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Ve Oljcu rqbxf nfgs mjiwis.

Dea qfgtjqr la kjr atlr mjiw jcv jiwbra lcvloofgfca jaalaevf atja wjvf Oe Itlhtjb, ktb tjv yffc fzagjbgvlcjglis kfjx pera cbk, j yla ragbcufg. BQrdnN

Oe Itlhtjb rafqqfv bc atf ygjxfr jcv rabqqfv atf mjg bc j delfa gbjv.

Lf rajgfv vlgfmais ja Ve Oljcu, jr lo tf mbeiv rff kts Ve Oljcu tjv yffc rb jycbgwji jii atlr alwf.

Then, he took a deep breath.

cewlXR

“Jiayi is in the pre-differentiation period. I have told you this before. You should know that he cannot have too much mood swings or be stimulated, because once his emotions get out of control, it could even be life-threatening.” Lu Zhizhao’s face was gloomy, and he rubbed his eyebrows, “Xiao Liang, he has been pampered since he was a child, and he has never suffered any grievances in his life, so he came to you to apologize, maybe there was something wrong with your attitude… but even if you are still dissatisfied with him, you can bear with it, at least wait until he successfully differentiates!”

As he spoke, Lu Zhizhao’s tone became increasingly cold.

He thought of the communication he had with Ning Jiayi that morning, feeling extreme pain in his heart.

g5QzIN

Before Ning Jiayi passed out, the pale and fragile boy had been aggrieved, and told him carefully that it was Su Liang who was unwilling to accept his apology. But at that time, Lu Zhizhao still trusted Su Liang with all his heart, thinking that Ning Jiayi was throwing a temper, so he didn’t trust Ning Jiayi at all.

It wasn’t until Ning Jiayi was sent to the emergency room that the Lu family’s doctor told him with great certainty that this time Ning Jiayi’s illness was entirely caused by emotional fluctuations, and Lu Zhizhao realized later that maybe Ning Jiayi was not throwing a tantrum…

Moreover, even Lu Zhizhao felt that Su Liang had completely changed in the past few days. The gentle young man who made the heir of the Lu family think about his dreams and his heart was beating fast, seemed to have suddenly put on a coat full of spikes.

The eyes that were even gentler than spring water were now akin to frozen ice. yd6vz9

Lu Zhizhao had no idea what Su Liang was thinking.

And this made Lu Zhizhao feel an indescribable anxiety.

When he raised his voice and said the words just now, the car fell into silence for a moment.

Lu Zhizhao felt a little stuffy in his chest, he couldn’t help but glance at Su Liang again, he was ready to have a big fight with Su Liang, but Su Liang didn’t say anything. r1eIxE

There was not even a trace of anger in Su Liang’s eyes.

He even looked at himself like he was looking at some hopeless fool. A strange thought slipped through Lu Zhizhao’s heart.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com



The anxiety that had been suppressed for a long time went a little out of control at this moment, and even Lu Zhizhao didn’t know why he suddenly made such a fierce accusation against Su Liang. h6FIa1

“Xiao Liang, why have you suddenly become so selfish, so unreasonable? Did you know that you were so abrasive to Jiayi to the point that he had to get first aid, the Ning family wouldn’t let it go! That is to say, I came forward to cover up for you, and Jiayi didn’t hold you accountable even after he finally woke up, so you can sit in the classroom and finish today’s lessons! But if you go on like this… I won’t be able to protect you, do you know that?!”



“I know.”

Su Liang blinked and finally spoke slowly. o80COJ



“You…”

Without waiting for Lu Zhizhao to speak again, Su Liang’s lips suddenly burst into a small smile.

That smile almost made Lu Zhizhao stunned. Su Liang was originally the kind of beauty that can make people fall in love, but in the past he was always too gentle, like a jade carving that has been polished for a long time, warm and shiny, without the slightest edge, After getting along for a long time, it is inevitable that his personality seems to be a little unworthy of that beautiful and delicate beauty. LzES9g



But at this moment, there was a mocking sneer on Su Liang’s lips, but his whole person became very vivid. His eyes were as bright as cold stars, his lips were as red as roses, indifferent and sharp, as if he could cut anyone at any time with his gaze.



“Trust me, Lu Zhizhao, no one knows better than me. You can’t protect me.” ZfspYT



Lu Zhizhao panicked.

He leaned towards Su Liang. “Xiao Liang, wait, listen to me, I didn’t mean that—”

“In order to avoid getting myself into more trouble, like today, Lu Zhizhao, we’d better cut off our friendship completely and never have contact again. Like this, it would be better for both Ning Hiayi and me.” Su Liang spoke before Lu Zhizhao could. “Of course, breaking up this relationship is mainly for my sake. No matter if its you or Ning Jiayi, you two have been a total hassle for me, and I really don’t want to be involved in your shit anymore.” 58ibUt

“Xiao Liang, do you know what you’re talking about?”



Chrysanthemum Garden.

Lu Zhizhao looked at Su Liang, who spoke in a cold tone and with indifferent eyes towards him.

“I’m saying, I hope you and Ning Jiayi will stay away and stop bothering me.” OKdyQ

The smile on Su Liang’s lips remained unchanged, and his eyes were unusually indifferent. After he finished speaking to Lu Zhizhao word by word, he unbuckled his seat belt, opened the door and walked out.

Looking at Su Liang’s decisive back, Lu Zhizhao’s face instantly turned pale.



“Xiao Liang, wait… I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I was too impulsive just now, but I was really just worried about you. Don’t be angry! I apologize to you!” 7OkfTr

Lu Zhizhao followed Su Liang and rushed out of the car. He had completely lost his previous momentum, and there was only fear and humbleness in his tone.

Before he came to find Su Liang, he never thought that things would turn out like this.

In fact, as he said, the problem on the Ning family’s side was solved by him long ago. When the senior housekeeper of the Ning family righteously asked the Lu family to explain Ning Jiayi’s physical condition, Lu Zhizhao directly told them that it was his quarrel with Ning Jiayi that caused Ning Jiayi to fall into a coma and receive first aid. His punishment was to undergo a three-week psychic punishment procedure. But whether he accepted those punishments or was held accountable by the Ning family, he never regretted it from beginning to end. He was just scared.

If he hadn’t arrived in time, if Ning Jiayi hadn’t cooperated with him to complete the clumsy lie, the Ning family would probably have found Su Liang. uBA4FD

Lu Zhizhao knew very well that the Ning family had already noticed Su Liang, who had been in close contact with him, and they would probably find a way to get rid of Su Liang.

The existence of Su Liang is a huge hidden danger for the union of the Lu and Ning family.

The only thing Lu Zhizhao wanted to do was to protect Su Liang.

Because he really loved him. FMo sr

But…..

But Su Liang told him that he wanted to cut off contact with him?

Lu Zhizhao didn’t know why, just thinking that Su Liang was going to leave him, a huge pain that was about to crush his soul instantly flooded his heart.

[A’Zhao, don’t be crazy, he’s gone!] 3vjQ0r

[A’Zhao, please wake up a bit, please let him leave well and please give him the last bit of respect? He’s gone! He won’t come back!]

[“Lu Zhizhao, in this world, some things are irreversible. People cannot be resurrected from the dead. You have to learn to accept this.”]

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Some vague words flashed in his mind.

At the same time, there were some rapidly changing images. j2Wged

Lu Zhizhao let out a low cry and hugged his head in great pain.



He was completely unable to capture the true meaning of those few words and images, because a stream of heat spurted straight up from the back of his neck and poured directly into his head.

“Didididididi—” n7S u8

“Warning! Warning! At the coordinates 153.15.1 of A-23 Street in the Central Sector, an alpha’s mental power was detected to be out of control.”

“Preliminary detection, the Alpha is registered as S, triggering a third-level warning-”



* * *



!!!! the next chapter is the longest chapter in the entire main story :’3 sorry if it gets delayed! (if it gets delayed i’ll post 9&10 on the same day)

fFqkIL





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 9


For people in this world, Alpha seems to have an inherent advantage over other people. They were physically strong, sensitive, and have strong mental power. However, it is precisely because of this that once an Alpha’s mental power is out of control, it is likely to cause an irreversible accident. This is why almost all Alphas born in the Federation will receive strict mind control lessons from the beginning.

Of course, for various reasons, even after receiving a long education, it is not too rare for Alpha to lose control of their mental power in this society. f5HuX

However, this situation, theoretically speaking, will never happen to the Lu family.

As a powerful family in the Federation that started with military capabilities, the Lu family pays more attention to the control and cultivation of spiritual power than other families.



Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

All Alphas born in the Lu family will undergo rigorous and demanding mental training. After all, they are likely to be the ones who will drive mechas in the future, which requires devil-like mental control and precision.

It is precisely because of this that an accident such as losing control of mental power happened to Lu Zhizhao, which was particularly incredible. TDQZEv

Because he is Lu Zhizhao.



It’s an S-class Alpha, the most promising and most competitive future power holder.

While other young children stumbled and were still receiving basic training with tears in their eyes, Lu Zhizhao could already successfully use his mental power to control low-level mechas for combat training.

His results have always been satisfactory, and even by the most demanding and critical eyes, his mental control is still perfect.

HCLjPE

No one can imagine that one day, Lu Zhizhao will fall into the predicament of losing control of his mental power in public.

Even the unlucky Su Liang was affected by this inexplicable accident. Lu Zhizhao and he were both arrested by the automatic defense robot that came, but Lu Zhizhao was soon sent to a special control center, while Su Liang was left in the security station to be questioned over and over again.

On that day, when his sister and brother-in-law rushed to the Sector Security Station to pick him up from there, it was already late at night.



It can be guessed that Lu Zhizhao’s accident made the entire Lu family become overwhelmed. When Su Nuan and her brother-in-law picked him up, not many people even noticed them. IW6tx9

This gave Su Liang a sigh of relief, but not being noticed by the Lu family did not mean that he could really escape.

On the way home, Su Nuan’s face was as black as the bottom of a pot.

Su Liang sat stiffly on the suspension car, and glanced at his brother-in-law for help.

However, the brother-in-law, who always stood by Su Liang’s side to help smooth things out, was full of fear at this time, and he was silent, and he didn’t even dare to glance at him. wYt86g

It’s over….

Su Liang saw his brother-in-law’s appearance and knew that this time Su Nuan was absolutely mad.

“Su Liang, what are you staring at? Why, do you still want someone to intercede for you?”

Su Nuan asked gloomily. d0SNHC

Su Liang hurriedly sat upright, looking straight ahead with a well-behaved face.

“No, no, sister, I know I’m wrong, and it’s not worth someone to intercede for me.”

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

The boy said cautiously.

Su Nuan snorted coldly and stretched out a finger, poking Su Liang on his forehead. “Oh, so you’re aware? Su Liang, Su Liang, you’re usually smart but why is it that every time you meet that guy Lu Zhizhao, it’s as if your brain was eaten by a dog? I’ve told you before, don’t interact with people like them. Is the heir of the Lu family something you can provoke? What’s more, that guy also has an omega fiancee, the young master of the Ning family, just how long has he stayed in the Lu family? Just wait for his differentiation to succeed, and then they’ll get engaged! Only a fool like you would believe the nonsense of that guy, how could the Ning young master be just a friend….” 9dHNgS

Su Liang got scolded by Su Nuan to the point that he didn’t dare lift up his head.

Even so, although Su Nuan’s scolding was so fierce, the more Su Liang listened, the warmer his heart became.

Su Nuan had said the same thing to him before.

But at that time, Su Liang always felt that his sister had prejudice against the Lu family, and did not take Su Nuan’s persuasion into his heart. On the contrary, after Lu Zhizhao left him, Su Liang had time to think about Su Nuan’s words over and over in his mind countless times. sGhR7P

However, at that time, even if he was willing to give everything to listen to Su Nuan’s scolding, it had already been impossible.

Fortunately, this time he finally had the opportunity to listen to her by his sister’s side.

He lowered his eyes and closed his eyes, hearing every warning from Su Nuan to the deepest part of his heart.

Never approach Lu Zhizhao again. i5M6yz

Never let that person bring you misfortune again.

Su Liang heard a voice in his heart speaking.

He finally got a chance to do it all over again, so this time, he will not allow himself to repeat the same mistakes once more.



* * *



“In the daytime, why did you let me cover up for that guy?! Why can’t you let that bitch surnamed Su get out of the Lu family?! I hate him! Can’t you see it? Ah Zhao is being bewitched by him! How can I marry Ah Zhao smoothly at this rate?!” RYFa6Q

While Su Liang and Su Nuan were talking about Lu Zhizhao, in the Lu family’s private ward, Ning Jiayi was also cursing his name fiercely.

He still had an IV fluid bag connected to his body and was wearing a hospital gown. It wasn’t long after he was out of danger, but his voice was as sharp and high-pitched as ever.

If Lu Zhizhao had a chance to see Ning Jiayi like this, he would probably be surprised.

Because the man in front of him with a hideous face and twisted facial muscles was completely different from the cute, willful, but kind and innocent young master he knew. f7H2IG

Ning Jiayi angrily glared at the person in front of his hospital bed.

A young man with a cold expression stood there. He was older than Ning Jiayi, looking vaguely similar to him, but while Ning Jiayi already has a bit of an Omega aura, this man was thoroughly a beta.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

In most families, the Alphas dominate, followed by their mates, the noble Omegas.

In fact, the Ning family basically followed this power model, but in the ward at the moment, the atmosphere was a little subtle. PJv2t7

When Ning Jiayi was constantly cursing because of his anger, the young man just said “Shut up” in a low voice impatiently. Ning Jiayi, who was so angry that his face was twisted, was like a chicken strangled by the neck, and became silent.

But his expression and his eyes showed his dissatisfaction.

“Isn’t the lesson learned during the day not deep enough?” the young man said coldly, “How did we instruct you before? You can’t have too strong emotional fluctuations, or you will die. And when you die, it means that all the hard work that the family has invested in you has gone to waste. Ning Jiayi, do you want everyone’s hard work for so many years to vanish because of your stupid jealousy? ”





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


“Rb P, rfmbcv ygbatfg, P pera..” aGuxAF

Rlcu Aljsl yla tlr ilq, agslcu ab fzqijlc.

Ktf sbecu wjc tf mjiifv rfmbcv ygbatfg ibbxfv ja atf ybs lc ogbca bo tlw klat vlruera.

Lf mbeivc’a tfiq geyylcu atf yjmx bo tlr cfmx, ktfgf la kjr rwbbat, jcv atf yfaj’r lcobgwjalbc uijcvr fzevfv j atlc jcv bgvlcjgs jegj, ktlmt mbeiv cba mjamt atf jaafcalbc bo jcs Ciqtj. Ktlcxlcu bo atlr, Vfmbcv ygbatfg Rlcu’r fsfr oijrtfv klat j tlca bo geatifrrcfrr.

If the person who succeeded in the experiment was him instead of the idiot in front of him, all the messes would not have happened in the future. 2osBKc

The second son of the Ning family, Ning Tangsheng, thought extremely irritably in his heart.

He was confident that if he switched identities with Ning Jiayi, he would have been close to that person by now. But the reality is that Ning Jiayi is still sitting on the hospital bed complaining about a beta, and even Lu Zhizhao, the idiot of the Lu family, so unbearable.

“According to what you said, you’ll drive Su Liang away from the Lu family, and then what? Do you think that after you marry Lu Zhizhao, you can stay by his side 24 hours a day and prevent him from continuing to find Su Liang and rekindle his relationship with him? Also, think about it. What would happen to Lu Zhizhao if you used your identity to drive Su Liang like this? This kind of forced separation of a teenage lover will only make Lu Zhizhao feel guilty towards him, making him linger in his dreams.”

Ning Tangsheng said without any hesitation. tPsaOd

“The relationship that was not fulfilled when young will become more and more unforgettable because of the separation. Well, and you who drove away his lover and forced him to marry you, will only become the most disgusting existence to him.”

“Ah’Zhao is not that kind of person…”

Ning Jiayi murmured, trying to defend Lu Zhizhao, but his voice gradually weakened for no reason at the mocking eyes of the second brother: “It’s that guy Su Liang who has been destroying our relationship.”

“Let me remind you, the reason why the family asks you to find a way to hook Lu Zhizhao is not to satisfy your stupid love-addled brain. We need the Lu family to be our help, and preferably our resource, and all of this requires you to firmly control the Lu family.” Ning Tangsheng sat in front of the hospital bed, pinching Ning Jiayi’s face mercilessly, forcing the latter to raise his head, “An unloved Omega can’t do this. Ning Jiayi, you better not waste your expensive information gland. ” bBiK5R

Cold, reptile-like fingers ran along Ning Jiayi’s chin all the way to the back of his neck.

“Then why do you keep Su Liang in the Lu family? You all know that as long as that guy is still there. Ah’Zhao can’t be single-minded about me.”

Chrysanthemum Garden.

Ning Jiayi’s voice was getting lower and lower, and the whole person’s face became a little pale.

Ning Tangsheng looked at the pitiful Ning Jiayi in his hand, and suddenly laughed, stretching out his hand and patting the boy’s cheek. “Don’t worry, little brother, I will make that guy between you and Lu Zhizhao disappear.” He said. XK7DOY

Then he looked at the communicator in his hand and frowned slightly.

“Your luck is very good. Lu Zhizhao just went to find Su Liang today, and inexplicably triggered a mental riot. The old guys from the Lu family won’t let go of your most hated Su Liang. I will find a way to get them to send Su Liang to the ‘snake den’. ”

“Ah? Snake den?”

Ning Jiayi’s eyes widened in surprise, looking at his second brother in confusion. SxcnbN

“You mean, you want to send Su Liang to that person’s courtyard? But what’s the use of it? Won’t Su Liang still be at the Lu household?”

Ning Jiayi complained, dissatisfied.

Although he flinched when he mentioned “that person”.

The entire Federation knew who the “that person” and “that poisonous snake” of the Lu family referred to. gcdGf1

The only Alpha to ever reach the double S level, and also the ambitious butcher who brought the Lu family to the federal elite.

The monster that defeated the Canaanite army single-handedly.

Lu Taipan.

It could be said that without Lu Taipan, there would be no Lu family. MD7oms

However, because of his health, Lu Taipan has rarely appeared in front of people over the years.

If it wasn’t for his second brother suddenly mentioning Lu Taipan, Ning Jiayi would have almost forgotten. In fact, the current master of the Lu family is Lu Taipan.

Ning Jiayi also admitted that Lu Taipan was indeed scary enough. A ruthless man who slaughtered hundreds of thousands of Canaanites and behaved mysteriously and eccentrically, to the point that the place he dwelled would be directly called a “snake den”.

It was said that his spiritual power was so powerful that he can directly kill people without driving a mecha. O4ukDy

Like venom, just a tiny bit can take the lives of thousands of people.

Extremely cruel, extremely cold-blooded.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

Even just by getting close to him, made people tremble in fear.

But even so, Ning Jiayi still didn’t know what was the use of sending Su Liang to Lu Taipan’s other training home. eVbGHN

Ning Tangsheng looked at the stupid little brother in front of him with pity, and after a long while, he finally decided to answer him mercifully, lest this guy do other stupid things. “The Lu family claimed that Lu Taipan was due to past injuries. He has been recuperating in another hospital until he had a seizure. But according to the information we got, the reason why the poisonous snake didn’t dare to show up for so long was because he was already half crazy.”

“What? Half crazy?!”

“Lu Taipan’s level is too high.”

Ning Tangsheng came to a conclusion. Zfwhiv

“Heh, you think there is no price to pay for being the only double S-class alpha in history? You see, just for the sake of an S-rank like Lu Zhizhao, the Lu family is willing to raise a guy like who who hasn’t even finished differentiating for so many years. What they’re afraid of is that Lu Zhizhao’s mental strength would be too strong, and his spiritual sea unstable, making him a waste.” After speaking up to that point, Ning Tangsheng looked at the back of Ning Jiayi’s neck meaningfully. “They can find someone like you for an S-rank alpha, but where would they find an omega who can match with the double S-rank Lu Taipan?”

As if thinking of something very pleasant, Ning Tangsheng laughed lightly.

“So, that Lu family’s Lu Taipan, is already a patient with severe pheromone disorder! Hahaha, he doesn’t dare appear in the outside world at all now, because as long as there’s even the slightest amount of pheromone stimulation from others, he’ll start to riot and go crazy. Forget it, that old monster’s spiritual sea has probably completely collapsed by now, hahaha. The Lu family has been restraining this news, not daring to let it out in fear of others knowing that their backbone has fallen.”

“Pheromone disorder? Isn’t this a terminal disease? As long as you get it, you’ll die soon? Is this news true?” 7aL1Bq

Ning Jiayi still couldn’t believe what he heard.

Pheromone disorder, just like the literal expression, refers to the severe pheromone and mental disorder experienced by high-level Alpha or Omega when they cannot get pheromone relief that matches their level for a long time. Just like a reservoir that cannot discharge floods, as the spiritual “water level” continues to rise, eventually the flood will completely overwhelm the levee – people who get afflicted will also die in a very short period of time.

“Isn’t there a synthetic pheromone, even if the match is low, it can be relieved…”

He murmured. ayDd9F

“Lu Taipan’s level is completely beyond common sense, he is just a monster. All synthetic pheromones are ineffective against him, and will cause serious deterioration of his health.” Ning Tangsheng said, clapping his hands, “By the way , we’re also going to use that to get rid of that beta.”

“For the past few days, the Lu Family had been transporting dead people out of the compound. Investigations show that those people had surplus pheromones, which resulted in Lu Taipan going insane. However, regardless, those systems and equipment in the ‘snake den require humans to control. From the information we got, the snake den will be selecting some reliable betas from within the Lu Family to replace the lost manpower.”

Ning Jiayi frowned: “You mean?”

Ning Tangsheng smiled and said: “Isn’t this very good, Su Liang happens to be a beta with a very ‘clean’ taste, he will definitely be selected. When sending him in, find a way to inject some powerful pheromone activator into him, and then Lu Taipan can help us solve this little trouble.” AdK0D2

“But, in that case, Su Liang will be killed, right?”

Ning Jiayi’s face became even paler.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

Ning Tangsheng nodded happily. Isn’t this exactly what you want? When he’s dead, you just need to stay by Lu Zhizhao’s side and comfort and coax him in his grief. Believe me, even if he doesn’t love you, he will always remember your friendship. And as a member of the Lu family, it’s impossible for him to really retaliate against Lu Taipan… until the day he takes power. Then, you can coax the two of them into a fight. Afterwards, it would be much easier for our Ning family. Xiao Jiayi, do you think your second brother hasn’t thought this out?”

Ning Tangsheng looked at Ning Jiayi with a smile, the young man looked at the second brother in front of him and nodded. FDNeC0

However, while nodding, Ning Jiayi started to shiver involuntarily.

Although everyone in the federation knew that “that person” of the Lu family is the most vicious and deadly poisonous snake, at that moment, when he looked at his second brother in front of him, he felt that compared to Lu Taipan, he was even more demonic.

Su Liang, don’t blame me.

Ning Jiayi muttered in his heart. 4TZQAF

I didn’t want to kill you, but Ah’Zhao loved you so much.

Who asked you to appear between me and Ah’Zhao?



* * *



Su Liang sneezed in his room.

He frowned, thinking that someone was talking about him behind his back. However, he soon realised that he was wrong, and raised his hand, rubbing the back of his neck. 0zrtl4

The back of his neck has been a little swollen, and his body was itching.

Su Liang pulled up his sleeves and saw a few rashes on his wrists.

“Was there a mistake?!”

He frowned and muttered. fyQjXt

Su Liang was no stranger to his current symptoms, because he had similar symptoms in his previous life.

It was also ironic to say that Su liang was actually allergic to Lu Zhizhao’s pheromones.

Of course, in the doctor’s words, he and Lu Zhizhao’s pheromones are biologically repulsive. Of course, this condition can be severe or mild. Su Liang is the lucky one, because he suffers from pheromone dysplasia, so even if he is allergic to Lu Zhizhao’s pheromone, his symptoms were very mild. At most, it will cause some headaches, sneezing and itching on the body.

The reason why the symptoms appeared today was probably because Lu Zhizhao had a massive overflow of pheromones when he was out of control, which made him react. yuDx4z

It has to be said that when he got along with Lu Zhizhao, Su Liang did not feel it at all. It was also because of this that in his previous life, in the early stages of love, and even in the first period of elopement, Su Liang didn’t know that he still had this problem. Until later, once they wanted to do something more intimate, Lu Zhizhao’s pheromone would naturally become extra strong.



Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

Then Su Liang felt a splitting headache, continued sneezing, and rashes kept coming out of his body.

After a few embarrassing attempts, the two did not continue to torture each other. qikRSI

At that time, they thought they would have a way to go to the hospital to solve the problem after they settled down.

Unfortunately, after that, they never had the chance to really settle down.

Su Liang didn’t think that he had been allergic to Lu Zhizhao’s pheromones at such an early age.

Obviously, even Lu Zhizhao’s pheromones couldn’t sense it at all… EaGf8w

Thinking of this, Su Liang couldn’t help but smile.

It was very late at this time, and there was no special pheromone allergy medicine at home. Su Liang tossed and turned on the bed for a while, but still felt that the back of his neck was swollen, and the whole person was very uncomfortable.



He really couldn’t stay in bed, and he didn’t want to wake Su Nuan, so he simply slipped out of the house on tiptoes and walked outside by the moonlight. P425at

According to Su Liang’s original intention, he just wanted to take advantage of the cool night wind to make the hot and swollen back of his neck feel more comfortable. However, he got dizzy while walking and he came to Lu’s house following the wind, to an extraordinarily remote corner of the mansion.

He stopped in front of a familiar and unfamiliar garden.

The moonlight was extremely bright tonight, and the silver moonlight illuminated the small garden in front of him.

Su Liang stared at the garden in front of him in amazement, and then he sobered up. np50ux

Why did he come here all of a sudden?

He couldn’t help but ask himself.

The small garden in front of him is completely different from the gardens that have been carefully maintained elsewhere in the Lu family.

The flowers and trees here are lush, and there are no traces of artificial pruning at all. The huge roses have grown into big bushes, and the layers of ivy are scattered on the bushes, which almost looks like a green wall. The dead branches and leaves accumulated over the years are spread on the ground at will, and even the original beautiful floor tiles cannot be seen. The dark shadow fell in the courtyard, shaking slightly with the night wind, like a ghost. AB2dZz

It could be said that this small garden does not seem to have anything to do with “beauty” or “charm”, and can even be said to be terrifyingly depressing.

But for Su Liang, this was the place where he feels most at ease.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

However, after eloping with Lu Zhizhao in his previous life, it was impossible for him to return to Lu’s house again. , he can be said to have not been here for a long, long time.

Thinking of this, Su Liang felt nostalgia for a while. Although not in the plan, he walked towards the garden familiarly. etDZUc

A few icy and pitch-black defense robots rose up the moment he approached, and reddish spots of light gathered on Su Liang’s forehead and eyebrows.

Su Liang’s face didn’t change, and calmly looked at these deadly armed robots – after a few seconds, the robot suddenly put away the device, and returned to its original hidden position like a small animal that had confirmed safety.

“Ah, was the model changed?”

Su Liang muttered, and then continued to walk forward. XFYklu

He sat down familiarly by the long-dry fountain in the center of the garden and stared at the moonlight for a while.

This hidden garden, inaccessible to many people, was the first safe haven Su Liang found in the Lu family.

Not long after he came to the Lu family, everyone thought he would differentiate into an Omega.

In order to cope with her new life in the Lu family, Su Nuan was already buried in work. Naturally, she would not know that some extremely vicious rumors began to appear in the dark corners of the Lu family : the rumor said that the reason why Su Nuan brought Su Liang into the Lu family was so that Su Liang could climb onto the bed of a big man once he differentiated into an omega. ldyfew

The two siblings of the Su family are both bitches who rely on their Omega status to make money for themselves…

The rumors intensified unknowingly, so much so that some Alpha teenagers with bad personalities in the Lu family actually believed them, and some of them even stopped in front of Su Liang in groups, and then started molesting him.

Su Liang was just a civilian who had just entered the Lu family, and Su Nuan was walking on thin ice in the Lu family.

He didn’t want his sister to worry about him anymore, so in the face of this harassment, he would just grit his teeth and avoid it, instead of daring to say the first half of the sentence to the adults. sztjv1

After the Alphas finished their daily training, they would wander around the mansion, trying to intercept Su Liang who was returning from school, but Su Liang was like a small animal hunted by wild dogs, and could only try desperately to find a way to escape.

Once, by accident, he hid in this garden.



At that time, he didn’t know why this garden was out of tune with all the other places, why the gardener and florist never took care of it at all, and he didn’t know why it was inaccessible. 0q3nMI



Naturally, he also didn’t know why those defensive armed robots that can easily burn a person to a pile of ashes would let him flee into the garden in embarrassment.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Then, the robot ruthlessly stopped all those Alpha teenagers outside, and used laser beams to burn those noble Lu family direct descendants to flee in embarrassment, never daring to approach here again.

The young Su Liang only knew one thing, and that he was safe in here. fT3CIO

Thinking of the past, Su Liang couldn’t help but smile, taking in a deep breath…. Then, in the cool air, he smelled a faint moist fragrance.

“Ah?”

Su Liang widened his eyes.

He suddenly realized that when he was in the library in the afternoon, why did he feel that the scent of the perfume would be a little familiar. 1qhW9z

It turned out to be because of the dark fragrance, which is very similar to the unique smell in this garden…



Su Liang couldn’t help but sigh.

It was only after a short time in the garden that Su Liang felt that he was alive. mqRZjx

The back of his neck, which was swollen and hot, also extraordinarily relaxed unconsciously.

After Su Liang regained his energy, he walked around the small garden with nostalgia.

Then, he inadvertently stopped at a certain position, pushed aside the messy leaves, and looked curiously at the flower room in the corner of the garden that seemed to have not been used for a long time.

A gloomy, indifferent, but extraordinarily handsome face suddenly flashed through Su Liang’s mind. YILxE9

Has that person ever been here again?

Su Liang couldn’t help but wonder.



* * *



The author has something to say:

Mini theater: nRhtrX

One day, an artificial intelligence was shocked to discover that there was a stray cat in the snake’s garden.

AI: …I thought you hated all types of life.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

Snake: Yes, I hate it.

AI: But you have a cat in your garden! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! MNRCmp

Snake: It’s just an insignificant little thing to shelter from the rain.

AI: So? ? ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

Snake: I don’t like cats, but I allow them to hide from the rain, what’s the problem?

… o04tL1

…

…

After a long time, artificial intelligence suddenly remembered this conversation.

AI looked at a human-shaped cat and a human-shaped snake: emmmmm… kdFdWB

AI: You humans are so weird.



* * *



why!!!!! was this!!!! chapter!!!! so long!!!! managed to finish within schedule so no double updates





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 10


Su Liang was not an idiot.

He had soon realized that this garden had an owner, and it was only by relying on the kindness of the absent garden owner that he could rely on the defense mechanism of the garden to avoid the harassment by the group of Lu family alphas. c5i0Nf

The young Su Liang was grateful towards the garden owner.

Such a kind person, despite never appearing in front of Su Liang, he could still feel the special tenderness and consideration of the other party.



Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

And then, after the seasons change, a few persistent alphas would still try to trap Su Liang, but the desolate garden was no longer suitable for a child like Su Liang to stay for a long time.

Then suddenly one day, Su liang discovered that a small flower room had appeared in the corner of the garden. 4zJSHi

The dead branches and leaves that had originally covered the flower room had been cleaned up, the electric lock on the flower room flashing red, proving that the electronic lock was in use.



Su Liang looked at the door of the flower room, hesitated for a moment, and tentatively pressed his hand on it.

“Ka-cha.”

Just as he expected, the flower room was also accessible for him.

oaUSj3

After walking in, Su Liang found that there was something special in the small flower room. From the outside, the flower room and the garden look extremely dilapidated, but after walking in, he found that the inside of the flower house was completely cleaner and tidier than the outside.

It was called a flower room, but there are actually no plants here. The walls and floors were made of a special white material that Su Liang couldn’t describe. They were spotless, comparable to the operating room in the Lu family’s private hospital.

There were almost no furnishings in the room, just a cold steel reclining chair in the center, and a half-human-high metal box next to it – it was a semi-automatic medical robot.



It was quiet, empty, and secluded here. n3YvC4

Just like the garden outside, there was an icy aura.

….. But for Su Liang, it was very warm.

For a long time after that, Su Liang spent time in the corner of this flower room.

He does his homework, studies, and even naps here. XBaSMI

Of course, he has always been very careful. He has never touched the steel chair and medical robot in the center of the flower room. When he leaves the flower room, he will clean up the place where he has been very carefully.

Out of some special intuition, Su Liang felt that the owner of the garden probably would not like others to leave too strong traces in his territory.

Su Liang thought that he would never meet the owner of the garden.

After all, no matter the garden or the furnishings in the flower room, there was a strong aura of indifference, rejecting people from approaching from thousands of miles away. cLdG17

However, suddenly one day, Su Liang saw that person.

At that time, Su Liang was struggling with his mecha work in the corner of the room with a bitter face, and then he heard a strange buzzing sound.

Chrysanthemum Garden.



He turned his head in surprise, and saw a secret door appear where he thought was a white wall before. t7Njqu

A man swayed slightly, and walked in directly.

Su Liang looked at the man who suddenly appeared in the room in amazement.

It was an extremely tall young man, with a strange, cold and sharp aura all over his body. He was very handsome, but when ordinary humans see him, it may be difficult to process his handsomeness, because of his special temperament – like a very terrifying beast, or an invincible weapon on the battlefield.

Chilling. YZszXf

Cold.

Unnatural.

A few words flashed through Su Liang’s mind. He had never seen such an alpha before, it was as if just by looking at him, he could be stabbed by the aura lingering around him.

Long strands of jet-black hair were tied into a bundle, hanging down behind the young man’s head. The ends of the braids were covered with silver-white mechanical tubes, flashing an incomprehensible red light. g1XIdx

In fact, it’s not just the braids. Most of the young man’s body was embedded in the cold mechanical exoskeleton armor. There was even a half of the plasma energy muzzle on his shoulders that has not yet been retracted, and the mechanical blade on his arm was also ticking. A suspicious-looking yellow-green slime flowed down.





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Of course, none of these were the most eye-catching.

Ktf wbgf mbcmfgclcu atlcu kjr tlr kbecvr.

C ibcu jcv cjggbk rijrt kbecv ogbw atf ifoa rtbeivfg jii atf kjs ab atf wjc’r jyvbwfc, jr lo la kjr jybea ab rqila atf wjc lc tjio. Snfc lo atf wfmtj yibmxfv la, rmjgifa yibbv kjr ralii ueguilcu bea. muj4Zh

Po tf tjvc’a rffc la klat tlr bkc fsfr, Ve Oljcu kbeiv cfnfg tjnf lwjulcfv atja rbwfbcf mbeiv wbnf ogffis joafg reoofglcu remt j rfglber lcpegs, klatbea fnfc mtjculcu tlr fzqgfrrlbc.

“You-”

Su Liang jumped up, the homework on his knees scattering all over the floor.

The young man who suddenly appeared in the room just glanced at the flustered Su Liang coldly. He acted unusually indifferent, as if Su Liang’s existence was mere air, and then he withdrew his indifferent gaze, walking straight towards the steel lounge chair in the middle of the flower room. FjpuC

Following his steps, the already damaged mecha exoskeletons automatically detached from him, piece by piece, and fell to the ground.

When the man laid on the recliner, most of his body was exposed.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

Every muscle of his was terribly strong, but the more perfect his body was, the more frightening the wound became.

The semi-automatic medical machine started on its own as early as when the man was lying on the steel chair. The box that was originally square was unfolded, and the spider-like medical arms moved towards the man in unison. The laser rays landed directly on the open wound on the young man’s body, and a wisp of blue smoke rose, and a terrible smell of burnt flesh appeared in the air. d6Y5Ji

Su Liang just accidentally glanced at the scene, and was so frightened that his mind went blank, and even his legs were soft.

But the injured person, the young man, seemed extremely calm from beginning to end, as if the person who almost had his internal organs fall out was not himself at all.

It wasn’t until several medical arms carefully pulled out some glass capsules that seemed to be completely empty from the back of the man’s neck and threw them into the steel plate, that the man let out an extremely low muffled sound.

The strong bloody smell seemed to be dyed with a strange sweet and greasy aroma, but when sniffed carefully, only the wet and sweet smell could be smelled by the nose. 3mwhXZ

Su Liang’s hands and feet were cold, and he couldn’t move, like a wild deer caught by the headlights at night.

The young man’s attitude was so indifferent that he himself did not even know how to react.

He could only guess from the numbered tattoo on the young man’s forearm that was mottled with blood, that the other party should be a member of the Lu family’s army.

His brother-in-law mentioned that the top alphas in the Lu family were basically elite mecha warriors who fought directly against the Canaanites on the front line. McZbQx

“…. They’re all members of the ‘Viper’ unit, directly under the head of the family. You’re still a child who doesn’t know anything. Theoretically, you shouldn’t have any interaction with men like them, but in case you do, just stay away. Those people… have suffered too much in the war, so their personalities are usually bizzare and cold, so it’s best not to mess with them.”

When his brother-in-law mentioned the people in the ‘Viper’ unit, his attitude was actually very contradictory. Su Liang could feel that his brother-in-law actually respected them, but there was a trace of fear that could not be concealed in that respect.

And now, a living ‘Viper’ soldier appeared in front of Su Liang, and he finally understood why his brother-in-law was so contradictory when he was talking about fellow alphas in the Lu family.

Because the real ‘Viper’ soldiers really look more like humanoid weapons than living humans. jFgCi9

Just when Su Liang’s limbs were weak and unsure of what to do, only capable of watching the blood-covered young man heal himself, the latter’s figure suddenly shook.

Su Liang heard a few metal rubbing sounds, and he subconsciously looked in the direction of the sound, only to realize that there seemed to be something wrong with the treatment on the young man’s side – the treatment arm of the medical robot was trying to grasp a thick needle tube to pierce the back of the man’s neck.

However, the back of the ‘Viper’ was completely different from ordinary people. The icy metal ridge was firmly covering his neck. The attempt of the treatment arm was only in vain. The needle rubbed back and forth on the metal part, but it was impossible to successfully penetrate the youth’s body at all.

Su Liang didn’t know what the medicinal liquid inside the needle tube was used for, but he figured that it was a very important medicine. Because of just a few seconds of delay, the young man’s face who didn’t even show any emotion when his body was about to split in half, turned pale and blue at a speed visible to the naked eye. BryfC9

Even his body shook.

“Come.”

Chrysanthemum Garden.

Su Liang suddenly heard a hoarse and cold voice.

“Huh? You mean, me?” exckhT

Su Liang was stunned for a moment, before realizing that the command was actually meant for him.

“You.”

‘Viper’ spoke indifferently.

Su Liang leaned over to the other’s side, trembling. sae5Lz

In fact, to a certain extent, even if the opponent is really a member of the “Viper” team, his actions are very suspicious. With such a serious injury, he ran to an abandoned garden to use an automatic medical robot to treat his wounds that could kill him, instead of going to the Lu family’s private hospital for better treatment. But in the face of such a person, Su Liang found that he could not raise any doubts at all, and of course, he was even less likely to express any resistance.

Even so…

He was also very strange, and without any reason, began to worry about the other party’s grimace and injuries.

Soon, Su Liang arrived at the youth’s side. nOFae9

The scent of blood intensified, making Su Liang even more dizzy.

On the contrary, the young man was still expressionless.

Su Liang had no doubts that even if the one standing in front of the other side was a slime, he might still be this indifferent, without any emotional ups and downs.

Just when Su Liang thought so, ‘Viper’ suddenly leaned forward. He seemed to be sniffing something, and the tip of his nose flashed by the side of Su Liang’s neck. dOqNwF

Su Liang was so frightened that he shuddered, and when he was about to take a step back, he heard the young man’s whisper. “Not yet differentiated?”

“I, I haven’t…”

Su Liang stammered.

“Good.” Od72AB

The young man said calmly.

Then he turned his body sideways and showed his back in front of Su Liang very calmly.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

In addition to the terrifying-looking metal ridge, there was a snake on the man’s back—

It was a lifelike, terrifying snake-shaped tattoo that seemed to be able to leap out from under the skin at any moment. 5b8U62

Su Liang was so frightened that he was breathing heavily, and almost at the same time, the young man’s body also trembled.

With tensed muscles, the snake seemed to be swimming slowly on the other’s back.

“Press both hands on the 7th vertebrae, press the thumbs against the metal parts on both sides, and inject the medicine into the exposed space.”

The young man clearly issued an order to Su Liang. dwPLQs

“Wha, what?”

Only then did Su Liang recover from the shock the tattoo brought him, and he looked at the man in surprise.

He could see clearly that the man’s metal ridge was fully buckled inside the body.

But now he has to inject the man in the gap between such complicated metal parts? MwzWYe

“I, I, I have no medical training,” Su Liang almost cried. “Your metal spine is connected to the nerves, if I miss it, it will make you paralyzed—”

“Now, inject.”

‘Viper’ ignored Su Liang’s resistance, merely repeating his command.

Even Su Liang himself did not know how he finally mustered up the courage to complete the injection for the ‘Viper’ soldier. MyW4Gh

He was just glad that he didn’t seem to have made too serious mistakes, and the other party finally left the flower room standing.

All that was left was the strong smell of blood, that was both fishy and sweet.

When the other party left, Su Liang finally realized in hindsight that mabe he was the garden’s owner who helped him.

“I, my name is Su Liang!” U20XfZ

Su Liang gathered up his courage and spoke in a very low voice behind the young man’s back.”

“Thank you for opening the garden… you saved me.”

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

The tall young man with his back to Su Liang paused for a moment, not even looking back.

“Hn.” kSsgXb

It was still the kind of icy voice without a trace of emotional fluctuations. He just responded indifferently, and then stepped into the shadow behind the secret door step by step, never looking back at Su Liang again.

From beginning to end, Su Liang didn’t know the name of the stern but handsome big brother.

After that, he never saw the other in the conservatory again.

Not long afterward, all the bad alphas who harassed Su Liang were suddenly exiled to the remote star area for some unknown reason. BJwuyp

There were no more strange and vicious rumors targeting Su Nuan and her brother in the Lu family.

At that time, the war between the Earth Alliance and the Canaanites finally came to an end. Lu Taipan, the head of the Lu family, slaughtered the last elite troops of the Canaanites single-handedly, and finally laid the cornerstone of the victory of the Earth Alliance. However, it is said that because of that battle, Lu Taipan was seriously injured, and all the “vipers” retreated into the shadows and disappeared in front of people.

The entire Lu family also became extraordinarily “silent” because of Lu Taipan’s serious injury, and Su Nuan and Su Liang finally reluctantly settled in the Lu family.

Since then, Su Liang no longer has to hide in the dilapidated garden to escape other Alphas with ulterior motives, but every now and then. He still visits the garden. bJw Zd

Occasionally, he would also think of the garden owner in his midnight dreams.

There was a dead silence in that person’s eyes, as if he could give up himself and leave this world at any time.

Was it because of the war?

The Canaanites have been defeated, has that person recovered? 2fMH1A

He shouldn’t have been so injured again in the future, right? No, he should have reprogrammed the robots, and made some special commands for the metal spine…

Chaotic thoughts flashed quickly in Su Liang’s small mind.

Of course, the innocence and softness of this kind of exclusive child gradually faded with the passage of time.

Gradually, Su Liang stopped coming to this garden, and seldom remembered the ‘viper’ soldier who he only had a single-sided relationship with. 6lTdSj

Until today.

“Huh?”

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Back in reality, Su Liang yawned and opened his eyes.

He looked around in surprise, only to realize that he was recalling the past yesterday and unknowingly slept in the flower room. JnjlEK

“Oops!”

Su Liang jumped up immediately.

If Su Nuan finds out that he was not in his room, she would probably start thinking wildly again, worrying about this and that.

Su Liang hurriedly pushed open the door of the flower room, and hurried out a little embarrassed. FGPERp

It was precisely because of this panic that he didn’t notice that, without any drug treatment, the symptoms of pheromone allergy on his body had completely disappeared.

In the same way, he wouldn’t know that shortly after he left, the secret door that had not been opened for many years was pushed open again.

A man staggered and walked into the flower room.



* * *



The author has something to say: OQaBbi

Couldn’t resist writing more stories.

It’s the plot of the super old-fashioned boss who was injured, and the little white rabbit who rescued it. Covering the face…

…

Little Su Liang didn’t know that there were only a handful of people in the entire Lu family who could approach Lu Taipan. 15TKQz

ps, according to the nonsense setting (it shouldn’t appear in the story), according to the tradition of the Lu family, except for the wife, the tattoo of the head of the Lu family is not allowed to be seen by any differentiated Omega.

That is, after entering modern society, this tradition gradually became less strict.



yOXoac





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 11


Severe pain savagely surged all over the body.

Every nerve seemed to be soaked in sulfuric acid and set aflame at the same time. qfht2R

The most secluded man of the Earth Federation, the head of the Lu family, the only alpha in entire human history to be ranked double S, walked into the secret medical base that he had set up in the Lu family’s old house many years ago.

Even though he was enduring the hellish pain, Lu Taipan didn’t show much expression on his face.



Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

Only the slight staggering footsteps showed that something was wrong.

On the other hand, the suppressor that covered him and almost turned him into a humanoid machine also let out an overwhelmed whimper. Even if he didn’t look at the screen, Lu Taipan knew very well that his current mental disorder value had already exploded. jbaEL2

“With all due respect, my dear master, according to the data I have received, if you don’t take care of yourself again, there is a very high possibility that your mental sea will completely collapse and your information glands will die within three hours. As an advanced artificial intelligence steward that you have programmed personally, I sincerely recommend that you take Plan B, instead of continuing to come back here as originally planned to be tempted by your brothers. ”





Along with the start-up sound of the automatic medical robot, another sound appeared in the flower room at the same time. The same as the one in the old library of Xingchuan University, it was also an artificially synthesized electronic sound, the only difference is that the carrier of the sound is not the same. The bionic body that was able to crack the firewall in Xingchuan University has long since vanished, and what is now chattering in Lu Taipan’s pocket is nothing more than an electronic chip. Charred and cut marks remaining around the electronic chip suggests that it had been roughly stripped from the android’s body a short while ago.

They had just encountered a rather fierce battle: apart from a certain artificial intelligence who was in a somewhat miserable situation, the traces of gunpowder smoke on Lu Taipan’s exoskeleton light mecha could somewhat prove it.

tHiknN

“You need to immediately return to the ‘Snake Den’ for deep mental calming compulsion and pheromone compensation treatment. After all, you are now only a thin line away from becoming a high-risk violent madman who only has offensive instincts…”

In some aspects, it could be called a loyal artificial intelligence, bitterly consoling the expressionless man in the middle of the flower room.

Just a dozen hours ago, Lu Taipan took the advanced artificial intelligence codenamed “Steward” and secretly took something from Xingchuan university’s old library. It was the last weapon that the extremely crazy emperor of Canaan left to the Earth Alliance before his defeat; some kind of cosmic-level high-energy weapon module with unknown principles and functions.



Lu Taipan’s actions may well have won back the next decade of peace for the Earth Alliance, but it didn’t come without a price. nMJXWt

Just like what many people speculated, Lu Taipan’s body does indeed have hidden dangers.

His level was really too high.

His overly powerful mental strength was constantly oscillating in his spiritual sea, constantly impacting his body, his pheromones completely in an uncontrolled frenzy – and Lu Taipan had no chance of finding a high-grade omega who could appease his mental power.

For most of his life, Lu Taipan relied on the suppressor on his spine and the mental blocking drugs to maintain his shaky sanity, but after the battle five years ago, this fragile balance was completely broken. qNjtw4

In the past few years, Lu Taipan’s suppressor has been continuously increasing, taking in more drugs, but his mental power was still skyrocketing wildly – causing the degree of his pheromone disorder to exceed the danger value the doctors expected a long time ago.

In fact, even the medics wondered why Lu Taipan could be so normal and calm under such terrifying values.





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


According to common sense, Lu Taipan should have completely collapsed due to the prolonged and severe pain.

Lbkfnfg, tf yftjnfv ilxf j wjmtlcf, klat cflatfg rfcalfcmf cbg tewjc fwbalbc. R3aPlx

Dea cb wjaafg tbk afggloslcu jcv qbkfgoei tlr rfio-mbcagbi kjr, atfgf kjr ralii j ilwla. Ktf wfcaji qbkfg Oe Kjlqjc erfv lc tlr qglbg jmalbcr ecvbeyafvis wjvf tlr ybvs vfafglbgjaf jujlc.

Ccv atlr ifnfi bo vfmjs fnfc wjvf atf jgalolmlji lcafiilufcmf, ktlmt rtbeiv cba tjnf qgbugjwr ilxf fwbalbc, yf fzagjbgvlcjglis mtjaas, ibcu-klcvfv, jcv gjaailcu bc.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

Lu Taipan ignored the other party’s constant persuasion.

His face was as pale as a sheet of white paper, but his pupils gradually became darker and darker. hnraKM

He got up slightly, tapped a few keys with his fingertips on the screen of the automata, and then turned around expertly, exposing his back to the medical arm – a certain robot who had reset the treatment program many years ago, this time, quite successfully stabbed the backup powerful inhibitor under Lu Taipan’s metal ridge.



Seeing that Lu Taipan had started the treatment by himself, the voice of the “Steward” gradually became desperate.

“For Turing’s sake! Have you gone insane? The inhibitor you are trying now is the second-generation version from many years ago! According to your current level of pheromone disorder, it is impossible for this thing to work at all! My dear master, I still think that you should return to the ‘snake den’ immediately, so as to at least preserve your basic sanity and IQ…” tEwIGS

“And alert the rats, let my foolish brother realise something’s amiss, thus letting them eliminate the traces of their collusion with the Canaan spies?”

With the injection of the inhibitor, Lu Taipan seemed to have finally regained some energy, and he asked back with a hint of boredom.

“Returning to the snake den to receive the complete treatment will only barely make me survive. I don’t have much time left. I want to solve this matter quickly.”

There was still no emotion in his voice. D 9KgU

But the “Steward” was well aware of what a bloody and cruel decision lies behind this sentence.

“But I really don’t think that this outdated second-generation inhibitor has any effect on you. You may consider other measures, such as using a lower-level omega’s pheromones to temporarily suppress your berserk state….”

But as it spoke, the voice of “Steward” began to gradually decrease.

As an AI with a rich and finely-tuned personality, the ‘Steward’ believed that the string of codes flashing in its database was probably enough to correspond to the human emotion of ‘surprise’. tXI1Pp



Yes, the “Steward” was extremely shocked to find that after injecting the outdated and ineffective second-generation inhibitor, the physiological values that had been completely out of control began to drop. It even looked better than in the ‘Snake Den’ after receiving the highest level of intensive treatment.

“You’re getting better? What’s going on – what did you do?!”

The “Steward” vibrated in Lu Taipan’s pocket, and began to ask. RjS1me

Lu Taipan raised his eyes, glancing at the body monitoring values on the panel, and raised his eyebrows.

There was a hint of surprise in his eyes, which had always been placid.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

It was true, even Lu Taipan himself never thought that the inhibitor would be so effective. According to common sense, this kind of inhibitor that used to be very useful for him can, at most, provide a mild pain-relieving effect for him, who had already developed major drug resistance.

He just wanted to use the short-term pain relief to complete his plan as soon as possible. GrsR D

But now, Lu Taipan could clearly feel that the hellish pain was slowly fading away, and his nerves that had been burning constantly seemed to be dipped in cold spring water. He stretched slowly.

Lu Taipan didn’t even remember the last time he felt such a wonderful relief.

It was as if there was a cool breeze blowing into the burning purgatory.

It was like spring water, soaked in honey, flowing through the earth razed by black fire. pdLwYD

Inexplicably, a slender figure suddenly appeared in his mind.

[“I, my name is Su Liang!”]

The clear voice that belonged to a boy from years ago, sounded vaguely in his ears.

In his memory, the boy was pitiful, almost like a kitten caught in the rain, gradually overlapping with the young beautiful youth he had seen in the old library the day before. jbyWXo

A very unfamiliar feeling flickered in Lu Taipan’s heart, and then disappeared.

“Steward, take a sample to investigate the inhibitor ingredients I used.”

Lu Taipan regained his original calmness in a very short time.

He looked at the time. The current acting head of the Lu family, Lu Zhengen, should have returned to the Lu family mansion. AN8qdy

Lu Taipan gave instructions to the ‘Steward’, and then put on his mecha and coat once more.

Just as Lu Taipan was about to leave the flower room, or rather, the medical center he secretly set up in the Lu family’s mansion, he inadvertently passed by a corner where a timid little boy used to sit many years ago.

In fact, if the security system Lu Taipan had set up in those days weren’t so outdated, he probably would have known that the amazingly beautiful young beta who appeared in his mind just a few hours ago had just spent a night here.

A faint fragrance wafted across Lu Taipan’s nose. FWKGlm

Very sweet.

Very… soft.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

It makes people feel a little hot.

“Master?” 9tlO7q

The concern and greeting from the ‘Steward’ brought Lu Taipan back to his senses.

“You are dazed.”

‘Steward’ spoke.

“It’s an anomaly, are you sure that the inhibitor you used doesn’t have any other side effects?” zHXNxv

Before responding to the ‘Steward’, Lu Taipan subconsciously took a deep breath. He tried to retrieve the subtle fragrance, as thin as gossamer, but no matter how hard he tried, the double S-level alpha’s perception remained blank.

He didn’t smell anything.

“Once we return to the ‘snake den’, I will conduct an in-depth examination.”

In the end, Lu Taipan responded like this. yJLnvA

He also began to suspect that the backup inhibitor he used might have some special ingredients – – at this moment, the strange emptiness that passed from the depths of his chest made the “monster” in everyone’s eyes, feel extremely unfamiliar.



* * *



The author has something to day:

Suck a mouthful of wife, all illnesses will be cured.

By the way, Lu Taipan doesn’t realise it himself, but even if he wasn’t attracted by pheromones, he would still be hit by Su Liang’s face. 3v1Fb7

Simply love at first sight.

That’s it.



BFYVGO





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 12


Su Liang may never know that a midnight stroll made this worldline completely different from the world he had experienced in the past. Lu Taipan, who should have lost control of his mental power and attain serious physical damage, successfully negotiated with Lu Zhengen in this world, hiding a knife with a smile.

He also wouldn’t know that the “something” that disappeared secretly in Xingchuan University had triggered another undercurrent between the Canaan government and the earth Alliance, but this time, the Earth Alliance had the upper hand. KZNAWz

At this time, the young beta was full of thoughts and only wanted to quickly find a way to completely cut off his relationship with those two troublesome people.

Then, a few days later an agreement from the senior management of the Lu family appeared in front of him.



Chrysanthemum Garden.

Of course, they said it was an agreement, but it was more accurate to say that it was an order that he couldn’t refuse: as a beta with a very low pheromone overflow value, Su Liang was selected by the Lu family to go to the other courtyard. That is, the secret area where Lu Taipan, the head of the Lu family, will recuperate his body, and he will perform a half-year service within the family.

“A period of service within the family…. I accept.” HWXKuG

Su Liang looked at the documents in front of him, and nodded after thinking for a while.



“We sincerely hope that you will seriously consider your choice this time. Considering that you were involved in Lu Zhizhao’s mental berserk accident, this could be regarded as atonemen- you accept?!”

The middle-aged man in an old-fashioned robe, who was brewing all kinds of coercive and enticing remarks, suddenly heard Su Liang’s incomparably crisp response and almost bit his tongue.

He looked at Su Liang in surprise, taking him a long time to adjust the expression on his face.

lhzeV

“It’s, it’s very good that you can repay the Lu family.”

He spoke dryly.

But there was a trace of mockery and sympathy in the eyes that looked at Su Liang.



Even if they don’t know anything about Lu Taipan’s current situation, ordinary Lu family members should feel hesitation and resistance when they receive this order to serve the family. The secrecy level of the other courtyard where Lu Taipan lives is extremely high, comparable to some military facilities in the Earth Alliance. Going to the “Snake den” for service means that he must be isolated from his family and friends for half a year. Considering the strict rules and regulations and lifeless atmosphere in the “Snake den”, going to work in the “Snake den” was basically equivalent to going to jail. s0l 6q

Most importantly, as a student of Xingchuan University, Su Liang’s studies would also be interrupted.

Of course, according to the self-proclaimed ‘manager’ of the Lu family, they would inform Xingchuan University and register the six-month service period as an internship within the group. But even this can’t change the fact that Su Liang will leave the campus for half a year.

Those side branch members, ignorant of the truth and completely excluded from the inner workings of the main Lu family would so simply agree to serve in the ‘Snake den’.

The manager apparently thought so. w60n3Z

Naturally, Su Liang never missed the manager’s weird look. He lowered his eyes and glanced at the agreement in front of him, without showing any other emotion.

Of course, Su Liang knew that going to the ‘Snake de’ wasn’t a good thing at all, not only because of the surface problems, but also because of his base understanding – for example, he knew very well that the master of the ‘Snake den’, Lu Taipan, was in a very bad state. There was a high possibility that his spiritual sea will collapse completely, and he would become a complete waste. And once a double S-level alpha like Lu Taipan completely collapses, it will cause an extremely terrifying mental riot. At that time, all those shrouded in his mental power range will probably be affected and injured heavily.

Moreover, Lu Taipan has a serious pheromone disorder. Even the slightest amount of pheromone overflow may cause him to violently injure people, and in serious cases, may even lead to death.

However….. pZDR3L

Su Liang was even more aware of another thing. It was impossible for the Lu family to let him go.

In his past life, he was completely blinded by love, so he couldn’t see the undercurrent of the Lu family’s current high-tension state.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

The marriage between the Lu family and the Ning family was a necessary move for Lu Zhizhao’s father, the current acting head of the Lu family, Lu Zhengen. After all, only by relying on the Ning family’s support, can Lu Zhengen become the head of the Lu family after Lu Taipan’s death.

Under such circumstances, a young beta who managed to ensnare Lu Zhizhao was simply the worst existence. lD 40W

Su liang even suspected that if he had not eloped with Lu Zhizhao in his previous life and had stayed in the Lu family, he would have most likely died due to some ‘accident’.

In contrast, the seemingly perilous and closed off ‘snake den’ was a good place to go.

Even though Lu Zhizhao had spoken of Lu Taipan’s terrifying deeds before, it was still difficult for Su Liang to feel really bad about the rumoured man.





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Qtfc tf rjk atf kbgv ‘rcjxf vfc’ lc atf jugffwfca, atf olgra atlcu atja mjwf ab Ve Oljcu’r wlcv kjr atf mbiv yea fzagfwfis tjcvrbwf ojmf bo atf ‘Nlqfg’ ktb vlv cba kjca ab ulnf tlr cjwf. ABpz7d

Snfgsbcf xcfk atja atf ‘rfgqfcar’ ecvfg Oe Kjlqjc’r mbwwjcv tjr ojcjalmji ibsjias jcv ibnf obg tlw.



And a man who can make the cold-hearted, but very kind big brother in his memory, support his cause with his life, can’t possibly be a bad person no matter what.

At the very least, Lu Taipan wouldn’t go out of his way to trouble an unknown, weak, and ordinary beta. Y9Ikt5

Compared to Lu Taipan, Lu Zhizhao and Ning Jiayi brought Su Liang more troubles.

Su Liang felt relieved when he thought that after going to the ‘snake den’, he would be able to ignore the accursed affairs between Lu Zhizhao and Ning Jiayi for half a year, signing his name on the agreement.

The only trouble was to persuade Su Nuan to accept his decision.

DM0lxO



* * *



Fortunately, Su Nuan and his brother-in-law were only members of the side Lu family branch, so naturally they were unaware of Lu Taipan’s current situation.

Su Nuan was purely worried about Su Liang’s studies, and was even more reluctant to let him leave her side.

Regarding the first point, Su Liang had already told the professor that he would focus on sorting out the various knowledge and details needed to be a basic teacher for the 48th district during those six months. After all, what he needed to learn was completely different from those students who were slated to enter large corporations post-graduation.

As for the latter point, it was even simpler…. yH4tdQ

“The half year without me should be enough for Lu Zhizhao and Ning Jiayi to develop a real relationship. When the two of them get together, they won’t think about bothering me anymore.”

Su Liang analyzed it with his sister sincerely.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Su Nuan replied. “What you said is not wrong.”

After spending a little bit of effort to appease Su Nuan, Su Liang quickly agreed with the senior Lu family manager to go to the Lu family’s other courtyard, the ‘snake den’. ABNJh7

The speed, and the expecting attitude caught even the manager who secretly received a lot of bribery off guard, and his attitude towards Su Liang became extraordinarily strange.

A few days later-

“Actually, the service period is for half a year, so you don’t have to be so hasty.”

The manager told Su Liang, who was carrying his luggage and preparing to get on the bus. qxG93v

Su Liang smiled sweetly at him, but didn’t say anything.

Of course, in Su Liang’s heart, he just barely shouted out–

[ How could it not be fast!]

Su Liang had already asked around, Lu Zhizhao’s confinement time was about to expire! Bd 03e

Praying to the god above, Su Liang didn’t want to meet Lu Zhizhao again before he went to the Lu family courtyard.

He could imagine that, given Lu Zhizhao’s resistance to Lu Taipan, he would do everything possible to prevent himself from going to the other courtyard in the name of protection.



In his previous life, Su Liang knew that although Lu Zhizhao was the designated future heir of the Lu family in name, the relationship between him and his uncle could not be said to be close. After all, Lu Zhizhao’s father, Lu Zhengen, had always had a delicate relationship with Lu Taipan. 5Ad17w

Of course, Su Liang wasn’t interested in this kind of secretive and bloody power struggle between the elite’s heirs. He just didn’t want to get involved in the same stupid way as his previous life, and then die an embarrassing death.

Thinking of Lu Zhizhao and Ning Jiayi, Su Liang involuntarily participated in their cold war.

He couldn’t wait to leave quickly.

It could be said, that Su Liang’s plan was perfect, with a very complete understanding of Lu Zhizhao. R8FY7b

However, no matter how much Su Liang expected, he didn’t expect to get stopped halfway.

“Crunch–”

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

The hover car Su Liang was riding in made a harsh braking sound, and then stopped suddenly.

After the emergency braking, the driver looked straight ahead with a pale face. 5EUpuv

“Where did this guy come from, isn’t this dangerous? How dare you stop the car like this–”

The driver of the Lu family was about to scold him, but quickly shut his own mouth after seeing the face of the extremely reckless and lethal culprit.



“Young master Lu?!” ut06gm

The figure who jumped out of the other car was very familiar, and was someone Su Liang had been avoiding.

“Xiao Liang! Come down!”

Lu Zhizhao’s slightly green face appeared outside the car.

He looked a lot more haggard than the last time they met. His entire person seemed thin and out of shape, making people worry a bit about whether he had suffered any mental trauma. KeOf8X

He slapped the car window hard, his hoarse growl sounding clear in the car from outside the window.



Su Liang hesitantly looked at Lu Zhizhao, who had become somewhat unfamiliar, through the car window. When he was still hesitating, the other party had already taken a step ahead and ripped the door open. The hover car’s door, which should have been extremely sturdy, was as fragile as paper in the face of the S-class alpha’s brute force.

“Lu Zhizhao?” NHeI8R

Su Liang only had time to call out Lu Zhizhao’s name, and in the next second, Lu Zhizhao reached out his hand to grab his wrist, and dragged the thin beta down from the hover car.

“Young master Lu, what are you doing?”

Maybe the driver also noticed something off about Lu Zhizhao. He mustered up the courage to come forward and dissuade him, but Lu Zhizhao didn’t even turn his head. The alpha’s pressure spread out in an instant, making the driver’s face turn blue, and in an instant he covered his head and curled up in pain, no longer having the energy to step forward.

I1yVWw

“Lu Zhizhao, you’re even attacking ordinary people! What’s wrong with you?!”

Seeing the scene in front of him, the cold hairs on Su Liang’s back stood on end.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Perhaps Lu Zhizhao was indeed a troublemaker for him, but over the years, Su Liang had to admit that the Lu zhizhao he knew was always reliable, calm, and trustworthy.

The man in front of him, with bloodshot eyes and gloomy face, was too different from the Lu Zhizhao he knew. eARwz9

“Lu Zhizhao, shouldn’t you be in confinement?”



Lu Zhizhao gripped Su Liang’s wrist. He seemed to have used all his strength. Su Liang’s wrist was in severe pain, and he almost cried out in pain.

But he held back. 6i01AC

Based on some kind of inexplicable self-consciousness, Su Liang instinctively did not dare to take extreme actions. He did not dare to stimulate Lu Zhizhao, so he could only calm himself and pretend to ask calmly.

“How could you be here?”

“I escaped.”

Lu Zhizhao stared directly at Su Liang, and then spoke. Kqm5S3



“Someone told me, that you were sent to my uncle’s courtyard.” He then added, “So I came to find you.”

When he finished speaking, Lu Zhizhao turned around and pulled Su Liang’s hand to leave.

“You’re not suitable to go to that kind of place. It’s too dangerous. Xiao Liang, don’t be afraid. I’ll tell my father to withdraw the order.” 5nNyvd

“It’s not that bad, I actually volunteered…. Lu Zhizhao, hold on, are you alright?”

Even if Su Liang didn’t want to irritate Lu Zhizhao any more, he couldn’t help but raise his voice when he was almost dragged away by Lu Zhizhao.

He had noticed that Lu Zhizhao had many wounds on his body. His hands and neck were dripping with blood; it was as if Lu Zhizhao had forcibly torn off some restraining device and escaped.

“Lu Zhizhao, are you injured?” rRpzOQ

Hearing Su Liang’s questions, Lu Zhizhao’s movements suddenly paused. He turned around abruptly, and looked at Su Liang with that terrifying, dazed gaze.

After a moment, he showed a slightly twisted smile.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“I’m fine.” Lu Zhizhao said in a hoarse voice. “However, I’ve been having nightmares these past few days, so I didn’t sleep well.”

“Xiao Liang, seeing that you’re find, I’m naturally fine as well.” KXszTP

He murmured.

He hadn’t realised that he had scared Su Liang.



* * *



The author has something to say:

Lu Zhizhao : I remember a little, but not completely. Cb8gFl

Today is also another day to try and steal off the (male) aunt!





* * *



tln: so some of you might have noticed that the previous chapter update was a bit late…. well you see, a series of truly unfortunate events (mostly brought on by myself) happened to me >.> totally didn’t get baited to read 300+ chapter novels back to back to the point of neglecting my project <.< i speedran this chapter just to catch up to schedule ww, kinda hoping to finish at least 20 chapters before september _(:3/

GY8hJN





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 13


“But you look unwell.”

Su Liang observed Lu Zhizhao with extreme vigilance. nS6J1A

The strange feeling Lu Zhizhao exuded made him feel extremely nervous. He tried several times to break free from the other, but what he got was Lu Zhizhao’s more forceful restraint.

In this kind of stalemate, Su Liang was dragged by Lu Zhizhao to an unknown direction. There, the hover car that was obtained by some unknown method was buzzing and hovering at a position some centimeters off the ground, able to drive away anytime.



Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

If Su Liang was really like an animal, then the moment when he realized Lu Zhizhao was trying to push him into the car, his tail would’ve puffed up in anger.

“Let go of me, Lu Zhizhao! Did you go crazy?” eThjma

Su Liang raised his voice.



“I didn’t.”

Lu Zhizhao responded in a strange tone.

“I just want to protect you, Xiao Liang. This time, I will definitely protect you.”

a4OYMd

“I don’t need any protection at all, did you make a mistake–”

Just when Su Liang couldn’t take it anymore, the sound of another hover car making an emergency brake sounded not far away.

A thin figure hurriedly jumped out of the car and rushed towards Lu Zhizhao.



“Ah’Zhao, don’t be like this!” h eF2t

The person who arrived was Ning Jiayi, who was supposed to be resting in the hospital. He even wore the hospital gown, looking anxious and frightened.

“Let go of Ah’Liang gege, okay? The service period is just a normal internship within the family, it’s not what you think…”

Ning Jiayi softened his voice and whispered behind Lu Zhizhao. SuLiang has never felt that Ning Jiayi’s pitiful face was so pleasing to the eye as it is now.

It has to be said that people like Ning Jiayi, who was currently in the pre-differentiation period already has the slightest hint of an omega aura on them. When they talk to people with such a soft tone, not even the alphas, even a true beta like Su Liang would feel relieved. dPt8Jj

According to Su Liang’s understanding, after being persuaded by Ning Jiayi like this, Lu Zhizhao should let go of himself, even if he was overwhelmed by enthusiasm. But the reality was that Lu Zhizhao actually showed an extremely terrifying cold look towards Ning Jiayi in front of Su Liang.

“Fuck off-”

He growled indifferently.

Following Lu Zhizhao’s line of sight, Su Liang’s eyes narrowed; Ning Jiayi had an obvious bruise at the corner of his eye. QpcfRP

Judging by the color, the bruise was fresh, the person who did it had no mercy at all.

Combined with Lu Zhizhao’s questioning and expression at this time, an incredible and terrifying conjecture emerged.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Could it be, Lu Zhizhao actually towards Ning Jiayi….

Su Liang stared blankly at the two people in front of him, and fell into a complete daze. ar07qy

On the other side, Ning Jiayi’s face was paling rapidly.

“Ah’Zhao, the you right now is scary, I know you didn’t mean it, I’m not mad, so don’t continue to act out, alright…”

Ning Jiayi tried his best to maintain his superficial affection for Lu Zhizhao, but his trembling voice and fearful eyes all but proved Su Liang’s conjecture.

In fact, if Ning Jiayi had a choice, he wouldn’t even go to the crazy Lu Zhizhao to seek trouble. jSJdxa

During this time, Su Liang had been kept in the dark and thought that Lu Zhizhao was locked up by Lu Zhengen just because of the previous rampage. Ning Jiayi had already heard the news that there was something wrong with Lu Zhizhao’s spiritual sea.

After the coma caused by the mental rampage, he looked normal on the outside. However, his sleep time began to prolong, and every time he awoke after a deep sleep, Lu Zhizhao behaved like a different person.

He began to become unusually cold-blooded, gloomy, and was always accompanied by a serious bloodthirsty tendency, but that followed was a surge in his mental strength and the sophistication of his mental control ability. The assessment of his ability value was refreshed almost daily. For the record, from the data that was found on the instrument alone, he could even be comparable to the monster alpha Lu Taipan when he was young.

mfhb Z

At first, the Lu family was overjoyed about this. They thought that the change in Lu Zhizhao’s personality was due to the second awakening of his spiritual power, but soon, the elders couldn’t smile anymore.

Because they found out that Lu Zhizhao seemed to have went mad.

He would often fall into a trance-like delusion, and from time to time, would do all sorts of horrific actions.

And when he came back to his senses, he would change back to the cheerful, calm and everyone’s favorite young master Lu for a period of time, standing at the accident he caused, without a memory nor reason of why he went mad. PXs6CH

Then it was only at this time that the group of researchers sponsored by the Lu family had a horrific realization that their assessment of Lu Zhizhao’s mental strength might have been a serious mistake. Prior to this, they had used the double S-level Lu Taipan as the data baseline – as the topmost elite, most terrifying, most scariest alpha, Lu Taipan’s mental power has always been in a frenzied state, but it was not until the final battle with the Canaanites some years ago that he lost control due to excessive use of mental power.



Due to this, the Lu family always believed that the only S-rank Lu Zhizhao would be much safer, and the insanity induced by his overflowing mental power would not come until at least several years later.

However, not everyone can be Lu Taipan. De7iRS

The Lu family never expected that before the high-level omega they prepared for Lu Zhizhao had time to differentiate, Lu Zhizhao had already lost control because of his immense metal power.

But it was precisely because of this that Ning Jiayi’s existence became more and more important.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

For this reason, Ning Jiayi was complacent.

He deliberately went to meet Lu Zhizhao secretly in private, and thought that it would somehow stabilizeLu Zhizhao’s mental strength. Yd3sj1

However, what he saw was not the familiar “Ah’Zhao”, but a cold, eccentric, and short-tempered monster.

Lu Zhizhao did not even show the slightest joy over Ning Jiayi’s arrival. Instead, after Ning Jiayi informed him whether intentionally or unintentionally that Su Liang was about to enter the ‘Snake den’ for half a year’s service that day, he suddenly became extremely irritable.



He jumped up and forcibly broke through the closed facility of the confinement room. This violence startled Ning Jiayi. BL62nv

However, Ning Jiayi also knew that according to Lu Zhizhao’s current situation, the madness caused by the mental instability and the forced breaking out of the closed facility would definitely affect Lu Zhizhao’s status in the Lu family.

So he bravely stepped forward to stop it – the price was the bruises on his face.





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Lu Zhizhao mercilessly beat him up.

Ktfc Oe Itlhtjb tlpjmxfv j mjg jcv mtjrfv joafg Ve Oljcu, olcjiis rabqqlcu tlw, jcv atja kjr ktja tjqqfcfv. BwdsNK



“Ct’Itjb, sbe’ii wjxf ecmif Oe nfgs jcugs…”

Rlcu Aljsl yla tlr ilq, agslcu ab qfgrejvf tlw.

“Vtea eq jcv oemx boo.” R32Uvl

Cr j gfreia, Oe Itlhtjb rmbivfv tlw jujlc yfobgf tf mbeiv fnfc olclrt rqfjxlcu.

Besides being afraid of Ning Tangsheng, Ning Jiayi has never been reprimanded like this by anyone in his life.

A trace of anger flashed across his originally pitiful face.

But this blunder only lasted for a short moment. UuV28w

Because he had glanced up and saw Lu Zhizhao’s eyes looking at Su Liang – showing a completely different look than ever before.

When Lu Zhizhao saw Su Liang’s figure now, he was not at all like the one he had adored before.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

The way he looked at Su Liang right now, was as if in the next second, he would completely devour Su Liang and make him his own.

The originally unwilling and reluctant Ning Jiayi, who was just about to turn around and leave, abruptly felt a strange flash of panic in his heart. 4w9 TV

No matter how much preference Lu Zhizhao showed for Su Liang in front of him, Ning Jiayi wasn’t afraid. He knew very well that an alpha like Lu Zhizhao would eventually come back to an omega like him.

But now, he felt that he was about to lose Lu Zhizhao.

In the midst of this indescribable panic, Ning Jiayi even forgot his anger towards Lu Zhizhao and the little fear that arose in his heart when the other person violently confronted him. He rushed over and hugged Lu Zhizhao.

“Ah’Zhao, don’t be like this-” kFNLSq

He shouted.

There was even a hint of tears in his voice.

In fact, Ning Jiayi’s body was not completely healed. He had always been fragile, his whole body thin and small. Just looking at him made people feel pity.

However, in the face of such a pitiful Ning Jiayi with tears in his eyes, Lu Zhizhao just waved his hand vigorously and pushed Ning Jiayi aside. PgZWVI

Having not expected this, Ning Jiayi swayed and fell to the ground in an instant.

This shock made him cough, a trace of blood oozing from the corner of his mouth. Feeling dizzy, Ning Jiayi didn’t even have the strength to sit up his body, only able to fall to the ground and gasp, unable to move for a long time.

The slightly long hair flowed down, covering Ning Jiayi’s cheeks.

He was already extremely thin, but now that he had fallen on the ground, he looked increasingly skinny and frail. j5E2fW

“Ning Jiayi?!”



Such a change was unexpected for Su Liang.

Thinking of Ning Jiayi’s body that was like a glass doll in the past, Su Liang who originally did not like him also got worried. 0dvRl5

He tried to support Ning Jiayi, and Lu Zhizhao subconsciously turned to look at the ground because of his actions.

The young man who fell to the ground was motionless, unbreathing.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

For a moment, it seemed as if he had already died.

Lu Zhizhao’s frenzied eyes suddenly froze. d4DgJT

He stumbled a bit, his entire body starting to tremble.

He held his head.”

“No…”

“I can’t….” 9u62Km

Lu Zhizhao murmured in pain, and when he opened his eyes, the originally beast-like chaos in his eyes gradually faded into clarity.

It was as if he woke from a very realistic nightmare.



Lu Zhizhao looked around him, panicked, and his gaze stopped briefly on Ning Jiayi. After confirming that it wasn’t the figure in his imagination, he breathed a sigh of relief subconsciously. ia4Nhq

And then, he looked at Su Liang in disbelief.

“Xiao Liang.”



The eldest young master of the Lu family looked very embarrassed. hfBFcM

His lips trembled, and he looked at Su Liang cautiously as if he was afraid that the other party would shatter into pieces.

Finally, his eyes stopped on the hover car not far behind Su Liang.

The door of that car had the coat of arms of the Lu family.

But outside the coat of arms, there was a pattern of a vicious viper. x2EbM8

This was a car exclusively used by the Lu family to transport people into the ‘Snake den’.

Privately, they all refer to this car as a corpse’s car.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Lu Zhizhao’s breathing sped up again.

Vaguely, he finally, reluctantly remembered that the reason why he had to break free from all the restraints and the confinement room was to find Su Liang— SUE1Rg

“Xiao Liang, come back with me. I will definitely find a way to cancel your service period.”

Lu Zhizhao eagerly spoke.

“It’s too dangerous there for you!”

And just as he spoke, the roar of countless cars were getting closer. Fs0qke

Instead of paying attention to Lu Zhizhao, Su Liang walked past the tall young man in front of him helplessly and looked toward the fleet of vehicles approaching from behind the latter.

The Lu family, and the Ning family had both arrived.

“Young master Ning, what happened?”

“Young master Ning is injured, quick, call the ambulance!” F1daPb

“Young master Ning has been located, yes, he isn’t injured!”

“Yes, Su Liang is here too.”

The noise drowned out Lu Zhizhao’s cry.

The guards, doctors, and the Lu family’s subordinates all rushed out of the vehicle, making the scene slightly chaotic. or8t1

Su Liang woodenly looked at the scene in front of him, his head slightly aching.

He really didn’t know why he got involved again.

Lu Zhizhao was quickly detained by the Lu family’s personal guards, while Ning Jiayi was carried by the Ning family and was about to be taken to an ambulance.

“We will definitely ask the Lu family to clarify this situation!” v5TKoZ

The Ning family, holding Ning Jiayi with an ashen face, looked at Su Liang and Lu Zhizhao with eyes that seemed as if they were about to burst into flames.

“We will definitely give a clarification!”

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“Please rest assured-”

The Lu family’s subordinates changed their indifference and arrogance in front of Su Liang, and kept apologizing to the Ning family, their voice deliberately raised to make Su Liang listen clearly. DEQpo2

Of course, although these people in the Lu family have detained Lu Zhizhao, they can’t really do anything to the eldest young master of the Lu family.

They just, as always, directed their disgust and malice towards Su Liang.

Once, twice, thrice….

It seemed that every time Lu Zhizhao had a problem, and Ning Jiayi was sent into the hospital, he was always present. NRzdMJ

Su Liang sneered helplessly in his heart.

He didn’t care much about the malice of the Lu family’s servants, but Lu Zhizhao seemed to be unwilling to let him go, yelling and screaming all the while.

“Xiao Liang, don’t worry, I will definitely find a way to solve this, I will protect you-”

“Even if I have to risk my life, I won’t let you stay in a place like the ‘snake den’.” dReFrX

Following his yells, the gazes that looked at Su Liang became sharper.

Su Liang had to take a deep breath.

Unable to bear it, Su Liang interrupted Lu Zhizhao’s shouting indifferently.

“Apologies, I don’t need you to save me at all, because my wish is to be able to go to the ‘snake den’!” Zchu2D

Su Liang spoke this sentence sincerely.

Of course, in order to be more convincing, Su Liang inevitable needs to polish his motives.



“All along. I’ve been admiring the Lu family very much. He’s the hero of the entire Earth federation, isn’t he? It’s a great honor for me to be able to be an intern in the place where the snake master Lu Taipan lives!” K9OQoX

“Lu Zhizhao, please don’t make up your own mind and speculate about my feelings, disturbing my future. Let me tell you, I just adore Lu Taipan, and I want to live in the same area as the hero I adore, so I want to go to the Snake den, I’d love it there!”

After Su Liang’s speech ended, the scene suddenly fell silent.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Everyone looked at the beta in the center of the crowd with astonishment. The young, slender, and extremely beautiful boy spoke the shocking words with clear eyes and a calm attitude.

….. It was very convincing. aSBQdf

Although it was completely incomprehensible, it seems to make sense logically?

Almost everyone can’t help but have this thought within their hearts.

Su Liang looked at the crowd in front of him with great satisfaction, while the dumbfounded Lu Zhizhao was completely speechless.

He nodded secretly in his heart, and then casually looked at Ning Jiayi, who was leaning in the arms of others. yFYPl6

The boy, as pale as paper, had a wisp of blood on his lips.

It was obviously because of Lu Zhizhao that he was injured, but Lu Zhizhao did not even give Ning Jiayi a second glance.



Even under the protection of the Ning family, Ning Jiayi did not receive any sincere concern. 1XQFMP

The people of the Ning family has been trying to trouble the Lu family because of Ning Jiayi’s injury, but not once did anyone ask him if his injury hurts, or whether he felt any discomfort.

For a moment, Su Liang even felt a touch of pity for Ning Jiayi.

“You…. take care of yourself.”

Su Liang spoke silently with his lips, then turned around in front of the young man’s stunned eyes, and walked away from Lu Zhizhao, step by step. ScBfgK

What Su Liang didn’t know was that every little action he made at that moment, including every word he spoke… was completely recorded by the miniature military detective robot, and broadcast in real time to a huge holographic projection screen.

The Lu family courtyard, also the deep underground ‘Snake Den’.

In the surveillance room surrounded by countless information screens, an automata made an exaggerated electronic sound.

“Wow, I saw the people from the Lu family targeting the kitten again. These wastrels won’t trouble my poor little family again, right?! I’m so worried!” sAr02j

The artificial intelligence named “Steward” lives in the body of the housekeeper-type smart home automata, and the sound it emits was much more emotional than the real human being not far away.

Well, in fact, a “real human” was watching the information and data rushing by in front of him attentively, ignoring the steward next to him.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

He didn’t seem to notice that his artificial intelligence had just magnified the scene that was supposed to be an F-class routine inspection on the main screen.

Despite seeing that Lu Taipan did not react at all, “Steward” was still undiscouraged. ghsTFY

He was still broadcasting the situation on Su Liang’s side vividly in real time.

“That corpse… bah,, that transporter wasn’t destroyed, but the driver’s mental strength was attacked by that good nephew, and now he may take a long while to recover. Alas, that little kitten is stuck there now, it might take a while for the new driver to arrive, and those little flies from the Lu family will definitely seize this opportunity to push all the problems on his head during this time. Speaking of which, today’s weather is good, but the wind is a bit chilly, and I don’t know if such a thin little guy will catch a cold…”

As if he was really annoyed by the noise of the “Steward”, Lu Taipan finally raised his eyes from behind the monitoring station and glanced at the housekeeper coldly.

Behind the automata, most people have already left. YqFBK7

Lu Zhizhao was escorted back to the old house. In the high-level restraint device, both his eyes and face were blank.

Ning Jiayi was already lying down in the ambulance, and was staring at the roof of the vehicle in a daze.

But the Lu family hadn’t completely evacuated, and several servants were standing around Su Liang indifferently and asking questions.

Their attitude towards Su Liang at this moment was like questioning a prisoner. 28Xe5d

Su Liang just dealt with these people indifferent, but when signing the documents, a ring of bruises could be seen on his exposed wrist.



That was when Lu Zhizhao went mad and exerted force on him.

Su Liang had always been pale since young, and he was the type of person who bruised easily. In such a short period of time, the circle of pinch marks had turned purplish blue, looking extremely frightening against the snow-white skin. bVBzTZ

Even the most advanced robots couldn’t detect it. A certain indifferent man paused for a moment on Su Liang’s wrist.

Lu Taipan lowered his head silently, and once again looked at the raw digital data that was so boring and complicated that ordinary people needed professional instruments to analyze and understand.

“Wow, you’re so cruel! Do you really not care? The kitten just said it himself, he admires you very much! Oh my god, there’s actually people in this world who really have positive emotions towards you! There’s people that worship you! You, just for this, you have to take care of it-”

Before the “Steward” could finish speaking, a whistling sound of wind suddenly came from the holographic screen. CDdJGl

“Eh, wait, this sound……”

The “Steward”’s eyes flashed.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

It was an external manifestation similar to ‘surprise’.

And the reason why he was surprised was because, according to common sense, something that should not have appeared there appeared on the surveillance screen in front of him. lYsB0r

The seemingly ordinarily black painted, streamlined body, that high-level firepower configuration of the gun muzzle…..

Above Su Liang and the Lu family, a military carrier aircraft unique to the ‘Snake den’ appeared.

In the violent air waves caused by the aircraft, the personal guard wearing a full set of jet-black armor jumped down and landed directly beside Su Liang and the Lu family.

“Mr. Su Liang, so glad of you to join the ‘Snake den’. It was detected that there was a problem with your previous carrier. You failed to appear in the ‘Snake den’ in time, hence we were ordered to come meet you.” FrQ6JB

A guard turned around and spoke to Su Liang.

After a pause, a voice came from behind the mask. “For the next half-year service period, I hope you can live happily and safely within the ‘Snake Den’.”

The tall guard said to Su Liang, word by word.

His voice was unusually stiff, as if such ordinary and gentle words could make him bite his tongue. RkBThJ

As for the other side, the members of the Lu family were stunned at the scene in front of him.

If they didn’t know clearly that no one on earth would dare pretend to be a “Viper”, almost all of them would think that the two “Vipers” in front of them were fakes.

Since when did the “Vipers”, considered by everyone to be the most efficient killing machine, actually take up the job of transporting low-level service personnel?

Seeing that Su Liang was being escorted by the “Vipers” towards the aircraft, a steward whose IQ had dropped due to excessive shock spoke in a panic behind them. su3Bcd

“Wait, wait a minute, we haven’t finished asking Su Liang regarding the accident related to young master Lu…..”

As a result, what answered him was an unusually cold and intimidating question from one of the “Vipers”.

“You want to question the people from our ‘Snake Den’?”

When the servant heard this sentence, his face turned pale and he shut his mouth. QLBpNZ

Well, now he can be assured that in front of him were the real “Vipers”.

Because only the “Vipers” could make him feel the approach of death with just one sentence.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com



* * *



tln:

Lu Taipan: sending a white black carriage to pick up the wife. dOHW9P

will they meet in the next chapter? who knows!

mini teaser:

[Title: A kind-hearted reminder, you must not go to rua the boss’ kitten casually, or he will go crazy!]

cVeJNM





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 14


The aircraft soared into the air, bringing a slight sense of weightlessness,

From the view of interior decoration alone, the military carrier aircraft dedicated to Snake Den was actually not very comfortable. The pure black paint, the cold seats, and the weapon storage equipment around the seats were clearly displayed. Su Liang was now sitting inside a war machine made purely for killing. Dbi3uI

——Strictly speaking, even the two people sitting opposite him can be regarded as war machines in the eyes of many people.

No one can forget how terrible the “Vipers” under the command of the snake master Lu Taipan is. After slaughtering so many Canaanites, even the ordinary humans of the Earth Federation inevitably began to fear the blood on their hands.



Chrysanthemum Garden.

Vipers were the mouthpieces of death.

The most terrifying and cruel bloody butcher. YKfwHD

This perception is almost imprinted in everyone’s mind.



At this moment, the aircraft that could have fit dozens of people were empty. There were only Su Liang, who had a pale face, and the two viper soldiers in front of him who were all wrapped up in pitch-black combat uniforms.

To be honest, even with two lifetimes of experience, facing this kind of situation, Su Liang was at a loss. At this moment, he couldn’t recover at all.

Then something that made Su Liang even more overwhelmed happened——

uaAM6Q

He saw the Viper soldier who was sitting upright in front of him and was surrounded by an icy chill suddenly move, tapping lightly behind the mask with one hand. The streamlined combat mask instantly disassembled, revealing a very young face behind the mask.

It was a baby-faced young man with tiger teeth and crescent eyes, which made it almost impossible to associate him with the Vipers.

And his next move completely broke through Su Liang’s traditional understanding of the group of Viper soldiers.



“Hi, student Su Liang!” 5dJKLG

The tiger-toothed youth tore off his heavy helmet, shook his hair, and jumped up from his original seat with a brisk step, sitting directly next to Su Liang.

He stretched out his hand towards Su Liang and shook it forcefully: “I didn’t scare you just now, did we? Did we act a little bit fierce? Well, there’s no way to do it, if we don’t act strong in front of the Lu family’s freeloaders, it’ll be easy to get slapped on the nose by them… ah, that’s right, I almost forgot to introduce myself, my name is Xue Yinhuan, you can just call me Xiao Huan, the tall man across from me is called Black Mamba, isn’t it particularly easy to remember?”

If he didn’t know very clearly that the other person was definitely a Viper soldier, Su Liang would have thought that the tiger-toothed youth who was affectionately leaning on his shoulder was some very familiar and silly junior in Xingchuan university.

“He, hello…” 9 Ihak

Su Liang hesitantly followed Xue Yinhuan’s cues and greeted them.

“Wow, your voice is also nice!” Xue Yinhuan laughed even more brilliantly, and even shouted at the taller and more silent companion opposite him who had been staying in his original seat. “Hey, Mamba, you gotta say something, people are greeting you!”





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Black Mamba was still very silent, but inexplicably, Su Liang felt that he seemed to sigh.

Ktfc, Dijmx Zjwyj jirb qea jkjs atf wjrx, tlr ojmf kjr mbnfgfv klat rmjgr jcv ibbxfv rilutais rmjgs, yea tlr fsfr kfgf nfgs mifjg. aroi6j

Ktf ylu wjc rlifcais cbvvfv ja Ve Oljcu, jcv atfc wjvf j ufraegf.

“Uifjrf, atlr lr pera ab qlmx eq rbwfbcf, cba ab xlii atf Jjcjjclafr bc atf yjaaifolfiv, atja lr, kts jgf sbe ralii ralmxlcu ab atf geifr jcv xffqlcu rlifca…” Wef Tlctejc kjnfv tlr tjcv lwqjalfcais jcv weaafgfv, tf aegcfv ab ibbx ja Ve Oljcu jcv fzqijlcfv, jr lo tf kjr kbgglfv jybea j wlrecvfgrajcvlcu, “Gbc’a kbggs jybea la, atlr ues lr rb biv-ojrtlbcfv. Pc atfbgs, kf mbwf ab qlmx sbe eq ab ub ab atf Vcjxf Gfc veglcu atf wlrrlbc qfglbv, jcv kf tjnf ab xffq rlifca atgbeutbea atf ktbif qgbmfrr.”

Chrysanthemum Garden.

“He made a face.

“You’ve become part of our family, but why the hell is he still so silent.” 9qIrhT

“Our family?”

Su Liang repeated blankly.

How did he never know that the Vipers were such a friendly, cheerful and enthusiastic group?

“Aiyah, although it’s the first time we meet, the boss’ people are our people, so we’re a family when we meet, don’t be shy!” After a pause, Xue Yinhuan looked around, and then lowered his voice slightly. “I didn’t mean to spy on the news, but I’m just curious, just tell me if it’s convenient for you…. Su Liang, when did you meet my family’s boss? I’ve been stationed in the Snake Den all these years, but I’ve never seen you there before?” tYhErV

“Cough cough.”

Xue Yinhuan heard a deliberate cough from Black Mamba.

Xue Yinhuan ignored Black Mamba’s reminder. Of course, he knew that his current appearance of being very arrogant and noisy was a bit annoying, but he was really about to die because of his intense curiosity—

Xue Yinhuan was truly curious on what kind of person he was, to have Lu Taipan suddenly issue an order for him. hzlHBR

Of course, as one of the vipers, it was normal to receive orders.

But what was abnormal was that their mission this time was too mundane, ordinary, and too safe… even Xue Yinhuan himself never thought that one day, he and Black Mamba would receive an ordinary task of picking up people to go to the Snake Den.

At this moment, Su Liang, who was sitting cautiously inside the aircraft, was still at a loss, but because of Xue Yinhuan’s “liveliness and cheer”, he was more or less relaxed.

However, if it is a person who was exceptionally familiar with the information inside the snake den, when they see the only two viper soldiers inside the aircraft, they will be surprised and their scalp will go numb. SbQcdx

In Su Liang’s perception, the cute and kind-hearted tiger-toothed youth, and the silent and reliable Black Mamba, are not actually unknown people. Naturally, they are not ordinary soldiers who can be dispatched at will to deal with boring routine tasks.

Even if they were recorded as “retired” in the archives, no one would dare underestimate them – the most terrifying soldiers under Lu Taipan’s command, the “Silver Ring” and “Black Mamba” of the Snake Guards.

They were the top Vipers, and also two of Lu Taipan’s most trusted subordinates.

Such people should be appearing in some unknown grey area on the edges of the Earth Alliance, baring their fangs in the most dangerous and terrifying struggles. But now, they were safe and secure, sitting in the aircraft extremely safely, escorting a beautiful and lovely young beta to the Snake Den. 2zb0ld

Along the way, their aircraft didn’t even encounter an interstellar missile?!

Xue Yinhuan thought this was simply incredible.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

He tried to find out the origin of the young beta named “Su Liang”, but no matter how hard he checked, he couldn’t find any clues.

Based on the archives, Su Liang is the most ordinary member of the Lu family’s side branch, and can’t even contend with Lu Taipan. But for such a person, Lu Taipan actually ordered him and Black Mamba of the snake guards to escort him? Zxd8P1

Xue Yinhuan felt that there must be something very secret between his boss and the beautiful young man in front of him, a special relationship so secret that even he couldn’t detect it.

This made Xue Yinhuan crazy. He vaguely knew that something was off, but didn’t really know the details.

He was so curious!

So, after seeing Su Liang, Xue Yinhuan couldn’t hold back any longer, facing the pure eyes of the pretty little beta, he couldn’t help asking about the relationship between the other party and his boss. 6FpUHj

However, Su Liang’s performance was completely beyond Xue Yinhuan’s expectations.

“I, I just admire the patriarch Lu Taipan very much. I have no special relationship with him.”

Under Xue Yinhuan’s various instigations, Su Liang just dryly explained.

However, Xue Yinhuan could tell that the other party was telling the truth. QEUsMV



“How could it be? My boss, that busy guy, that blockhead, that guy who’s got a lot of things and responsibilities, actually managed to notice you and yet–”

How could you have no relationship with him?

Just as Xue Yinhuan was about to keep chattering and asking, a faint encoded tapping resounded in his ears. BHlGsx

The super strong, super powerful Snake Guard Xue Yinhuan was silent for a moment.

His eyes widened in disbelief, hardly believing what he was listening to.

— Just now, he just received a direct order.

The command was simple : [Keep your silence.] Xq6rAm

He looked over to Black Mamba, who apparently also received the order. The taller man glanced at Xue Yinhuan helplessly, then withdrew his gaze and turned to look at Su Liang. “After this, Xue Yinhuan will follow the task of silence and cannot communicate, sorry for this.”

He explained to Su Liang with difficulty, word by word.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“He won’t bother you anymore. Please rest peacefully and wait for us to arrive at our destination.”



* * *



At the same time, inside the Snake Den, the ‘Steward’ turned its head and gave Lu Taipan a meaningful look. hc6jRl

“Wow… How many years have you not enforced Xue Yinhuan’s silence? Has it been ten years? Weren’t you too lazy to care about him before?”

Lu Taipan glanced at the screen lightly. On the screen, the aircraft marked in red was very close to the courtyard.

He calmly set aside the data screen, and then walked towards the door.

UsRDSL

“I’ll leave for today’s calming treatment. Regarding the service staff sent by the Lu family, I’ll leave it in your hands.”

He instructed the ‘Steward’ with no hesitation.

Everything he did now was exactly the same as before, except this time, when passing by the automata where the ‘Steward’ was, Lu Taipan paused and for the first time, spoke a bit of nonsense.”Silver Ring’s discipline is lackluster. After the current task is complete, arrange for him to strengthen his training in this area.”

“Cough cough… understood.” 7 kzj6

The steward extended his voice, responding with flickering eyes.

At the same time, there was an anonymous post, on a very hidden internal forum that was unknown to Lu Taipan, but where all “Vipers” would log in everyday–

[Title: A kind-hearted reminder, you mustn’t go and casually rua the boss’ kitten, or else he will go crazy!]

V6YWwz



* * *



tln: were you guys surprised at this sudden monday update? me too! apparently my kofi goal was full, thanks to those who supported! hehehe, they didn’t meet this chapter….





Translator's Note

rub, knead, pet, usually used in the context of rubbing cats, like “i like to rua cat”





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 15


The aircraft quickly reached its destination.

Despite Su Liang having relaxed a lot due to Xue Yinhuan and Black Mamba’s company along the way, it was still inevitable that he would still feel a slight apprehension when he stepped out of the aircraft and into the Snake Den. IbvkaQ

He looked up at the grand, quaint building in front of him. This Snake Den, which has many people coming in and out, seemed to be the devil’s cave where the devil was imprisoned. It actually looked quite beautiful and magnificent.

It was located on a small island in the middle of a mighty lake. A gust of wind blew, rustling the dark green branches, revealing the flying eaves that were not common in the outside world. This is an ancient style unique to China many years ago. It could be said that compared to the luscious Lu family mansion, the quaint old-fashioned buildings on this lake island can better reflect the splendor of the Lu family of years past.



Chrysanthemum Garden.

Su Liang blinked, finding out that this place was not at all the same as the rumored gloomy and terrifying place. It could even be said that it was quite beautiful, and was more charming than many hyped attractions.

A gust of wind blew, bringing along the cool scent of greens, accompanied by the moist water vapor from the lake, making Su Liang feel very comfortable. eSXjqd

He didn’t notice that when he involuntarily took a deep breath, showing a relaxed expression because of the island’s fresh air, Xue Yinhuan and Black Mamba exchanged a tacit glance behind him.



[What did I say, he and the boss must have something going on!]

Xue Yinhuan quickly sent out encoded words in the channel.

[What kind of ordinary people can be like him, who just entered the scope of the boss’ mental power? Not only did he not wet his pants in fear, but he also showed an expression like he just had catnip?!]

MlN3PJ

Black Mamba glanced at him.

He ignored Xue Yinhuan’s nonsense, but didn’t refute it either.





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Pcvffv, jr Wef Tlctejc tjv rjlv, wjcs sfjgr jub atf lrijcv ktfgf atf Vcjxf Gfc kjr ibmjafv mbeiv lcvffv yf gfujgvfv jr j qlmaegfrdef jcv qifjrjca gfmeqfgjalbc qijmf jkjs ogbw atf bearlvf kbgiv’r ojirf gewbgr. Lbkfnfg, rlcmf Oe Kjlqjc’r qtfgbwbcf vlrbgvfg mjerfv ys tlr wfcaji ogfchs, atlr rlvf mbegasjgv tjr yfmbwf j oglutafclcu jcv ffglf qijmf obg atbrf ecagjlcfv jcv alwlv bgvlcjgs qfbqif – Oe Kjlqjc’r bnfgoibklcu wfcaji qbkfg klii fzfga ugfja qgfrregf bc jii mgfjaegfr ktb rafq lcab la. Ktf qglwji lcralcma fcugjnfv vffq lcab atf ybcfr bo ofjg jcv gfpfmalbc, atf Nlqfgr atja tjv yffc ys Oe Kjlqjc’r rlvf obg wjcs sfjgr kbeiv tjnf yffc jmmerabwfv ab atf ralweijalbc ygbeuta bc ys atlr xlcv bo rqlglaeji qbkfg yfobgf atfs mbeiv ilnf lc atf Vcjxf Gfc jcv agjnfi ogffis.



Before the aircraft arrived, Xue Yinhuan and Black Mamba had prepared special mental relaxation medicine to relieve the discomfort that Su Liang would have received on his first arrival at the Snake Den. As a result, they didn’t expect for Su Liang to not develop the “Snake Den first-timer syndrome”, but also look extremely relaxed and happy, performing better than Xue Yinhuan and Black Mamba’s first experience. ZscmCP

Due to this, even the most stoic and calm Black Mamba seemed more cordial when he faces Su Liang.

Of course, Su Liang was completely oblivious to this… He just felt that the Snake Den might be more worth looking forward to than he thought.

He had originally thought that he’d spend the next six months in a dark and gloomy “prison”, but the actual side courtyard of the Lu family had good scenery and clear air. However, as several people gradually approached the main structures of the Snake Den, Su Liang could still perceive some special features of the Snake Den. The cold weapons looked somewhat out of place with the island’s architecture, but the more discordant object was a pitch-black column more frequently visible than the defense droids, similar to telephone poles pointing towards the sky.

These columns were out of place with the overall environment. They looked ugly and abrupt, like lesions on the bodies of beautiful and gorgeous creatures, causing Su Liang to feel particularly uncomfortable. lzi6GU

However, he didn’t bother to ask what those columns were for, because the two Viper soldiers who had taken good care of him on the journey had stopped in front of an unusually tall ancient gate.

Black Mamba gestured towards Su Liang, signaling him to halt.

He looked at Su Liang, a hint of apology in his clear eyes.

xnqTLN

“This is the end of our escort mission,” he said. “There will be someone to escort you into the center of the other courtyard.”

Xue Yinhuan also spoke quickly. After the task was completed, he was finally released from the damn silencing task. “Don’t be afraid, although this place looks a bit scary, the people in our snake den is actually really good. Just look at me and Black Mamba! When you got any problems, just go to them. Anyways, you’re one of our own now, so don’t be shy. Speaking of which, why don’t we exchange numbers–”

Chrysanthemum Garden.

As a result, before Xue Yinhuan could even finish speaking, he got muted.

“Wu.” 13ghWN

His lips were shut, his face flushing red.

Although he didn’t make a sound, Su Liang had a strange feeling just by looking at his eyes. Xue Yinhuan was probably swearing wildly in his heart now.

Alright, Su Liang didn’t guess wrong.

Xue Yinhuan was indeed cursing in the bottom of his heart at this moment, because he received the command of the headset again, and then he once again entered the sad period of mandatory task silence. NJ8lp5

He began to wonder if he was being targeted by that goddamn gossipy artificial intelligence. After all, with the character of the boss, it was impossible to trouble him again and again.

Black Mamba glanced at his companion with some sympathy. Xue Yinhuan, the loudest and chattiest person in the Snake Den, suddenly encountering such a severe silence order, it must be difficult for him.

It’s just that since it’s the boss’ order, Black Mamba was really helpless and could only give his sympathy.

He could only tentatively interpret the look Xue Yinhuan was giving him, and then turned to look at Su Liang. gQ4J7D



“Then I wish you a pleasant service period in the Snake Den. Xue Yinhuan and I will leave first.”

He said calmly.

When dragging the struggling frantically Xue Yinhuan away from the Snake Den’s entrance, Black Mamba did not miss Su Liang’s apprehensive gaze and his unconscious reluctance. H82mr

But just now, Black Mamba had already caught a glimpse of the person who came to invite Su Liang, by virtue of his ability to detect things far beyond ordinary humans.

That might be the most trustworthy being in the entire Earth Alliance.

The moment he saw that person, Black Mamba was sure that the Snake Lord Lu Taipan had attached great importance to the beta boy. Since Su Liang will have the safest, most peaceful life in the Snake Den anyway, then he and Xue Yinhuan should also rest assured and entrust Su Liang to that person.

B65U3R



* * *



tln:

Lu Taipan: Aside from me, no one else is allowed to talk to wife (!!!!!!

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

also black mamba acting like a dad marrying off his only son

this chapter was quite short www but the descriptive paragraphs…. goodbye pdljPW





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 16


“Young Master Su Liang.”

Su Liang heard a very gentle electronic sound and got startled. He turned his head, and faced a very ordinary-looking, but kind face. 7n5MBW

An automata?

Su Liang vaguely remembered this face – it was a generic model face that was used by male androids in mass-production.



Chrysanthemum Garden.

Yes, it was not someone else who came to escort Su Liang, but it was the top artificial intelligence in the entire Earth Alliance, and also the existence most trusted by Snake Lord Lu Taipan and the entire Snake Den.

Its name is “Steward”. pjPeGU

It’s just that at this moment, Su Liang was still unaware.



“Hello, I am called “Steward”. You can just call me Steward. Welcome to the Snake Den, did your journey go well?”

“Steward” asked very smoothly, with a kind smile on his factory face.

“Ah, it was well, the aircraft is much more comfortable than the hover car.”

NLRbkD

Su Liang calmed down, replying calmly. Many elite families also used automatas with autonomous thinking mode to communicate with outsiders, and automatas like Steward aren’t that rare.

However, probably because it was an automata used by the Snake Den, Steward’s every move looked extraordinarily human.

If it weren’t for the familiar factory-made face, Su Liang would have almost thought that the other party was a real human. For example, now, even though it was an automata, Su Liang felt that a smile appeared on the silicone face after hearing his response.



“That’s very good!” 4EI5D8

Steward seemed to be very kind.

“Snake Den always has been short on new people, but the outside world has always had some not-so-good rumors about us. This is very distressing. I really hope that every service staff who can get out of the Snake den can have a good time and fun memories, so that future generations wouldn’t be affected by the outside world’s rumors.”

It smiled at Su Liang and spoke, naturally taking the young beta’s luggage and escorting him towards the inside of the snake den.

Along the way, just like a real human, it spoke to Su Liang freely. WJKcti

“Ah, that’s right, I’ve read your medical report. Your pheromone overflow is so small that it would be almost difficult to detect, even with instruments, correct?”

“Yes,” Su Liang responded politely. Many humans would inevitable behave rudely towards androids because they were tools, but Su Liang was not someone like that.

Despite knowing that the automata’s communication mode was probably just a preset humanized module, he still explained seriously when Steward asked. “I have hypoplasia of the glands. Although my gender is written down as a beta, I might not even be as good as one. Without the information gland, I have no effective way to synthesize pheromones. Thus, the external perception that my pheromone overflow is minimal is because I have no pheromones at all.”

After signing the service agreement to go to the Snake Den, Su Liang had quickly scheduled for the most detailed medical examination. 7QjbmF

This was to also satisfy something on Su Liang’s mind; ever since he came back, he had always wanted to check his body.

However, based on the results, his body was still healthy, and the values only had a miniscule difference from the results when he was 14. Judging by the pheromone data, he was exactly the same as any undifferentiated minor, his information glands having never developed over the years.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

But disregarding his gland hypoplasia, he was healthy. The illness had yet come to pass, and Su Liang knew that he still had time to make up for the mistakes he made in his past life.

At the moment, Steward was still chatting with Su Liang with a smile on its face, occasionally stopping to let Su Liang experience the exquisite scenery of the Lu family’s side courtyard. I27P9t

“How do you feel about our Snake Den?”

After watching Su Liang sight-seeing with a happy expression, it asked the same question as Xue Yinhuan and Black Mamba.

It seems that the Snake Den’s people are really concerned about their image?

While thinking so, Su Liang replied sincerely. “It’s really comfortable, the air is fresh, and there’s beautiful scenery all around. I’m so glad I chose to come here.” ApXV1w

Steward grinned, and then asked again. “I’m so glad you like it here. By the way, master Su Liang, I heard that you admire our master Lu Taipan? It’s rare, since his reputation in the outside world isn’t good.”

“Ah, this…”

The lie that he told to others was suddenly revealed by Steward. Su Liang finally knew how the rumor about how the Snake Den was said to be omniscient came from.

He hesitated, freezing in place, while the automata beside him began to enthusiastically suggest him. “Since you admire Lu Taipan so much and your pheromone overflow is low, have you considered serving as the Lu Patriarch’s personal caregiver? It’s a simple job, at least it’s much easier than other jobs in the Snake Den. After all, that person doesn’t like to be in contact with ordinary people, so many things are left to the machines. If it weren’t for the psychiatrist’s advice, there wouldn’t even be a nurse position in the Snake den. If you accept, the most you can do is to show up in front of him everyday to ensure that he at least has human contact daily. At the same time, you can enjoy the same living situation as that person, the most elite and luxurious life in the Earth Alliance. The salary is also quite good, you can earn at least ten year’s worth of money in half a year….” 8jGx31

“I apologize.”





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Seeing Steward talking more and more vigorously, Su Liang had to stop the other party’s ardent advertising.

“Pa’r cba ktja sbe atlcx la lr.”

Ve Oljcu, cbk fzagfwfis raloo, rwlifv ylaafgis ja Vafkjgv, vfrqlaf tjnlcu j qjif ojmf jcv offilcu j ilaaif rmjgfv. Lbkfnfg, Ve Oljcu ralii mbcofrrfv ab Vafkjgv atja tf tjv jc jkxkjgv qbrlalbc lc atf Oe ojwlis, jcv lc bgvfg ab mbcnlcmf Oe Itlhtjb, tf mbeiv bcis qgfafcv atja tf jvwlgfv Oe Kjlqjc j iba. QCL9OB

“… But I do admire the Lu Patriarch’s actions, and I don’t believe that the rumors about him are believable. He is a real hero, but I don’t actually admire him as much as I claimed. Even if he does deserve it. With my capabilities, I can only do menial tasks, but I can guarantee that I will do those jobs perfectly.”

Steward’s eyes flashed.

It seemed that it didn’t understand what Su Liang’s confession meant at all, and was still trying to sell the job of Lu Taipan’s personal caregiver.

“Many people want this job. After all, if you die, you will get a super high pension, enough to support a lot of people.” HVfvmi

It passionately spoke.

“Sorry….”

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Although that last part was somehow compelling, Su Liang could only decisively reject it once again.

After a bit of back and forth, Steward finally gave up its persuasion, as if it was dejected. VtN0yX

It’s just that, unlike what its outer shell showed, within its internal system, the AI was overbearingly too lively.

Current surveillance showed that Lu Taipan was still receiving calming treatment in the treatment cabin.

However, the hypnotic images that were flashing in front of his eyes were suddenly interrupted by a few blood-red lines.

[Emergency Communication from Codename Steward – hehe, he doesn’t want to be your nurse!] cFXid5

Lu Taipan:……..

[Emergency Communication from Codename Steward – I know you really wanted him to take this position, right? When you saw the list the Lu Family handed to you, your speed when signing the agreement was 0.2 seconds faster than previously! But the little cutie refused on the spot! And also, he doesn’t really admire you.]

Immediately afterwards, the video of Su Liang’s uneasy confession began to play on the screen.

Lu Taipan: …….. NyzqAZ

[Emergency Communication from Codename Steward – you must be very sad, hehehe.]

Lu Taipan pushed open the treatment cabin expressionlessly, the treatment fluid dripping down his unusually strong body slowly.

Lu Taipan casually put on a bathrobe, speaking quietly to the empty medical room. “To be practical, I can reduce your autonomy of thinking, Steward.”

“It will prevent you from continuing to have such deranged and self-assertive behavior.” nQaxY6

Whether speaking or acting, Lu Taipan did not show even the slightest hint of anger.

He was as cold as a piece of iron that had been submerged in freezing ice for millions of years.

Despite this, after this indifferent remark, Steward who was lively and cheerful before quickly changed its attitude.

Steward: “I will arrange some routine tasks for Master Su Liang, some easy and safe tasks. He will spend a pleasant service period like all ‘normal’ service staff, without noticing any problems.” XrtHx5

From the communicator came the promise with the unique professionalism for electronic synth voices.

Lu Taipan lowered his eyes.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“Hm.”

He just snorted softly. B4U Yg



* * *



Steward sent Su Liang downstairs, to the dormitory dedicated to service staff.

It looked a bit like the kind of hotels the commoners would like. It looked very comfortable, with identical metal doors symmetrically distributed on both sides of the long and narrow corridor.

Because the aircraft was much faster than the hover car, the dormitory was empty when Su Liang arrived. He was able to pick a nice room.

The reason why he chose this room was because the window of the room was facing a small, delicate garden that looked quite beautiful. mztIw0

Su Liang has always liked gardens. At this time, he was in the Snake Den and happened to see one – a certain figure appeared in his heart once more.

“Then, if you need anything, you can inform me… Hm, when you can’t find me, you can just relay to the droids that you are looking for me. Those droids are like flies, they’re always everywhere. You should rest well, I’ll be going.”

Steward, who had seemed cheerful before, looked dejected now. After explaining the necessary matters, he was about to leave.

But at this moment, Su Liang called out to the other party in a strange way. nGPvcd

“Mister Steward, that–”

“What?”

Steward quickly turned his head to look at him.

Looking at Steward’s face, Su Liang hesitated for a while and wasn’t sure if he should really speak his mind. wpGsiF

But soon he remembered Xue Yinhuan and Black Mamba, so in the end he mustered up his courage and asked cautiously. “Mr Steward, if I want to ask about someone, a Viper Soldier, will it violate the rules and regulation of the Snake Den?”

“Of course not, we aren’t that strict hahahaha.”

Immediately, Steward responded cheerfully.

– After all, those spies who were sent into the Snake Den by numerous groups and forces would try their best to find information. There was no need to set up such a useless system. They would be killed anyway. R0znda

The AI did not tell Su Liang the latter half of the sentence.

After all, according to Lu Taipan’s instructions, Su Liang ought to spend a peaceful period in the Snake Den, which meant that he only needed to know the superficial things.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

Hearing Steward’s affirmation, Su Liang bit his lip, suppressed the hidden unease and anxiety within his heart, and continued. “Actually, I once received selfless help from a Viper Soldier in the Lu family before, and I’ve always been very grateful towards him. He was my savior, and I’ve been thinking about him for so many years. However, we’ve only met once, when he was injured, and I haven’t seen him ever since.”

Su Liang remembered the terrifying wound on the cold-faced, handsome young man in the flower back then. The anticipation and tension within his heart were intertwined, making him feel slightly stuffy. qsCETN

“I don’t want to inquire about his specific identity. I just want to confirm whether he’s still alive or not. After all, we were still at war with the Canaanites back then… “ Su Liang’s voice gradually became lower.

At this moment, Su Liang suddenly felt a little regretful.

He really didn’t know how he should deal with his emotions if he learnt the news that he died from Steward.

It was the Viper warrior who showed him such a pure and unrequited kindness when he first entered the Lu family, which allowed him to survive in the troublesome Lu family. ElN6F4

“It is true that many “Hatchlings” were killed in that war.” Listening to Su Liang’s words, Steward’s voice became deeper. “What is the name of that soldier? I think I can give you an affirmative answer.”

After being affirmed, Su Liang’s face began to heat up.

“That, I also don’t know his name… All I know that he was around… in his twenties, very calm, reliable, and very handsome, he looks ver cold but his heart is very soft…” As he spoke, even Su Liang himself knew that these descriptions were too vague and meaningless. His face grew hotter and hotter, and he slightly regretted his impulsiveness to suddenly stop Steward to ask him about the big brother. “Erm, his spine and the back of his neck has a mechanical spine embedded…”

“Mechanical…. Spine?” FMocgj

Hearing this, Steward suddenly repeated these words, his voice slightly trailing off.”

“Many Vipers will have mechanical aids embedded in their bodies in order to better exert physical energy efficiency in combat.”

The pure beta human did not hear the meaning within the AI’s synthetic voice at all.

Of course, Steward wasn’t lying, these soldiers did place auxiliary mechanical devices in their bodies. HKFbZQ

However, there was only one person in the entire Earth Federation who’d have the mechanical spine tightly embedded in the spine to continuously inject the inhibitor into the nerves.

And that person….

Su Liang glanced at Steward uncomfortably, and then added. “By the way, there’s a particularly beautiful tattoo of a snake on his back – “

“Zi…” vfz3lG

The next second, Su Liang heard a rather unpleasant sound from the automata in front of him.

The automata, who had been very talkative before, fell into a complete stillness in front of him in an instant. Now, there were only two group of red lights representing “malfunction” in its glittering electronic eyes. A plume of blue smoke came out slowly from its nostrils and ears.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“Mr Steward?”

Su Liang was stunned. oqB41i

“It temporarily short-circuited.”

Suddenly, a low male voice came from the room.

Su Liang widened his eyes in surprised, and then noticed the automatic call system in the corner of the room.

Su Liang guessed that at the other end of the system was probably the automata’s inspector. He had seen an automata out of control in the shopping mall before, and after a while, a special inspector was broadcasting in the mall to appease the masses. 3fLsGI

No wonder that in the Snake Den, the inspector’s response was incredibly fast.

En, the voice was also…. Amazingly nice.

“Don’t worry, someone will take care of it.”

The inspector spoke again. vn4id7

In less than half a minute, Su Liang’s dormitory was pushed open, and the fully automatic droid quickly grabbed the automata’s feet and dragged the heavy artificial product out with its face to the ground.

The scene looked a bit frightening, but on the other hand, the rude-looking fully automatic droid behaved politely towards humans – it even didn’t forget to close the door for Su Liang.

Su Liang stared blankly at the closed door, unable to recover for a long time.

“Mr. Inspector? Are you still there?” Xe4QvW

After hesitating for a while, he asked tentatively.

After a few more seconds, a response came from the automatic communication system: “I am.”

Su Liang couldn’t help but sigh in his heart that the voice of the automata inspector in the Snake Den was very nice.

“Mr. Steward, is he alright? His chip will be fine, right?” ZkFJeP

Although they have only been with each other for a short period of time, Su Liang has already developed a favorable impression of Mr. Steward.

Just like Xue Yinhuan and Black Mamba, although they have different personalities and even different species, there is a temperament in their soul that makes Su Liang unable to help but want to get close.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

And Su Liang was now very worried that the AI that spoke to Su Liang will disappear after the malfunction.

This time he waited for a while before the inspector replied. “Nothing will happen, it’s fine.” TC2QMo

Only then did Su Liang let out a long sigh of relief. He sat relaxed on the narrow bed in the dormitory, and showed a bright smile in the direction of the automatic communication system.

“Thank you for your answer, I can feel at ease!”

“Hm.”

The inspector doesn’t seem to be very talkative. YTlCSI

Just when Su Liang thought that the other party was offline, he suddenly opened his mouth and spoke unexpectedly. “According to the data, the Viper Soldier you care for was not killed in battle.”

“Ah, really!” Su Liang jumped up with joy, “That’s really good, really good…”

He was so happy that he could hardly say anything else, and he was pretty sure he was acting stupidly right now.

Because the system was silent for a while. GCqfSy

“Then, I wish you a pleasant stay in the Snake Den, Su Liang.”

In a low, hoarse male voice, when he pronounced the word “Su Liang”, there was a slight ambiguity, making Su Liang’s ears slightly itchy.

Then the well-meaning inspector really went offline.



* * *



The author has something to say: 8FSqTx

Mmhm, it’s the “well-meaning inspector”.





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 17


Su Liang didn’t see other people until the next day.

As a behemoth at the top of the Earth Alliance, the number of the so-called service personnel the Lu family sends to the “Snake Den ” every year is actually far more than Su Liang thought before. bYEGBw

After freshening up and enjoying a rather delicious breakfast.

Su Liang followed the guide all the way downstairs, and finally entered a white room similar to the mission hall.



Chrysanthemum Garden.

There were already quite a few people standing in the room. Some of the people sent to the “Snake Den” made Su Liang feel a little familiar, maybe he had seen them in the Lu family’s mansion.

There were also some people who were from other sectors that could be seen at first glance, since their skin colour and style of dress were not the same as those in the central sector. d0VYND

But what is certain is that when the Lu family selected service personnel for their master Lu Taipan, they seemed to have taken into account certain aspects – almost everyone standing in the hall now has the same characteristics, and they are all exceptionally young and beautiful.



However, when Su Liang stepped into the hall, the beautiful faces that the other young people were proud of seemed suddenly dim and ordinary.

Yes, when Su Liang looked at them, these people were also watching him carefully.

“Wow, where did they find this guy…”

MFVDd

“Aren’t omegas forbidden to enter the Snake Den? How did they sneak in a high-level omega?”

“Did they make a mistake?”

When the unknown youths from other sectors couldn’t help but whisper, a slightly sharp voice rang out.



“Heh, you don’t know him? He’s the famous beta waste. He was brought into the Lu family for profit, they thought that he would become an omega, but he turned out to be a beta. By the way, don’t let that face fool you. Some people have beautiful faces, but they’re actually hideous inside.” aQdh1H

“The Lu family was kind enough to raise him, but as a result, he was so intent on seducing Young Master Lu that he wanted to be the third person between Young Master Lu and Young Master Ning… What? If he hooked up with Young Master Lu, why would he come here? Who knows, maybe he was rejected…”

Hearing this old-fashioned and boring farce, Su Liang couldn’t help but glance at the speaker.

Surrounded by a group of Betas, there was a slightly familiar figure. After a lifetime, in fact, Su Liang now doesn’t remember much of that person’s name, and only vaguely remembers the other person was Ning Jiayi’s good friend.

The Ning family even sent people into the snake den? 4Nyw0o

Su Liang was only slightly surprised, but didn’t think too much.

The malicious words in the mouth of this “friend”, he had already heard many times during his previous life. It was difficult for people who have died once to care about the sarcasm behind these pampered young masters’ words.

Su Liang withdrew his gaze, very indifferently found a less inconspicuous position and stopped.

He just wanted to stay quietly for a while, but at this moment, someone suddenly came over. lzByJN

“It’s not like this at all, Senior Su, don’t worry about it.”

Su Liang tilted his head and found that a strange beta had approached him.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

As far as this beta was concerned, he could be described as handsome. The other party was tall, with a childish face. His puppy dog eyes were very round, and he didn’t look that old.

“You…” f4JcdV

“Senior Su, I didn’t expect to actually see you.”

The beta’s puppy eyes softly stared at Su Liang beside him.

“You don’t know me, but I’ve known you for a long time, senior. My name is Lu He.”

The young man said to him with a smile. EgvUWd

“I’m also a student of Xingchuan University. I’m only a freshman this year. I saw you give a speech as an excellent representative before, and I thought you were very handsome!”

“Hello, Lu He.”

Su Liang replied.





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


He distanced himself a little from Lu He uncomfortably. 8UTnw9

Cwbcu atf ogfrtwfc bo Wlcumtejc Fclnfgrlas…. Qjr atfgf remt j qfgrbc?

Ve Oljcu atbeuta tjgv.

Oe Lf rqbxf bcmf wbgf. “Cmaejiis, P jikjsr xcfk atja sbe jgf cba atf xlcv bo qfgrbc atbrf uesr ajix jybea ja jii. P agera sbe nfgs wemt, rb vbc’a yf agbeyifv ys atlr xlcv bo atlcu.”

The boy seemed to have a good impression of Su Liang, and after saying such warm and sincere words of encouragement, he stretched out a hand to shake hands with Su Liang, but Su Liang subconsciously avoided his hand. zvgR7l

The scene was a little embarrassing.

“Sorry, I don’t like to be in contact with people very much.” Su Liang recovered, and said to Lu He a little stiffly. “Also, I’m not bothered by anyone’s boring rumors. Thank you anyway.”

Hearing Su Liang’s slowly distancing words, Lu He lowered his head, as if he had been hit.

“Senior, was I too sudden… actually, I’m a bit nervous. Everyone said that this place is scary, and when I first came here, I felt suffocated, so I couldn’t help but come over when I saw an acquaintance.” SWpRMG

Lu He didn’t seem to notice that he started talking and started to approach Su Liang once more.

Su Liang had no choice but to keep backing away, retreating into a corner where he couldn’t retreat anymore.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

But whether it was Lu He or Su Liang, their range of movements weren’t that big. It was precisely because of this that even though many people were paying attention to the two in the corner, they didn’t notice the strangeness between the two.

Instead, they paid more attention towards the closeness that the handsome beta showed to Su Liang. For them, this was the most aggravating thing, and some people in the crowd sneered disdainfully. EPoW7N

“Just by having a good-looking face, he can even make that guy suck up like that. Where did this country boy come from?”

“Don’t say that, that guy’s not an ordinary beta, he’s a master who can easily seduce even an alpha, what’s so hard to fool a fool who has never seen the world…”

Some people giggled, some jeered, and there was some who watched on with cold eyes.

No matter which way it was portrayed, the scene was so ordinary. T0s6Ua

However, at the other end of the Snake Den, someone who was having a combat meeting with the Vipers were stunned for the first time.

The constant extravasation of mental power made it difficult for Lu Taipan to control the scope of his mental awareness. Even though he never thought of deliberately snooping around, everything that happened in the entire compound still poured into his mind uncontrollably.

That was the reason why he was in so much pain and on the verge of collapse.

The range he could perceive was too wide, and the information he attained was too complicated, which brought an unusually heavy burden to his spiritual sea. ATPLb9

Of course, people like Lu Taipan have long been accustomed to filtering these outright spam messages directly from their superficial thoughts. These information will continue to accumulate in his mind, but with the help of drugs, they will at least not affect his daily work and life.

Today, however, his powerful filtering mechanism seems to have gone awry.

On the other side of the island, very far away from the combat meeting room, a young beta was hiding in the wall. It could even be said that Su Liang’s subconscious avoidance suddenly became an extraordinarily strong presence in Lu Taipan’s consciousness.

Lu Taipan’s fingers trembled. QWrnCL

Without any hesitation, he directly called up the detailed surveillance images from all directions within the hall.

On the other side of the screen, the identity information of the boy called Lu He flashed.

He was indeed a member of the Lu family’s side branch.

He was also a freshman at Xingchuan University. NCKEx6

No matter from which point of view, Lu He’s files were clean and safe. Otherwise, Steward wouldn’t have placed Su Liang among this group of people. Yes, even though this group of people were empty-headed and arrogant, their ‘identities’ were very clean.

At the very least, they were not spies or assassins sent in with some ulterior motives.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

However, with such a clean file, Lu Taipan frowned slightly.

Lu Taipan didn’t like Lu He. He felt that Lu He had a strange and bizarre feeling. lPpxRk

But then again, he never liked anyone from the Lu Family.

His disgust wasn’t special.

The files sent by Steward showed that Lu He had nothing to do with the forces and enemies he knew well. He didn’t need to pay attention to Lu He’s eagerness towards Su Liang at all.

After all, looking at the data, Su Liang also had many admirers in Xingchuan University. SRi420

A beautiful boy like him, even without the attraction of pheromones, can easily be admired by others.

The tough and ruthless master of the Lu family, Lu Taipan, has no need or reason to deal with these undocumented security risks around such an ordinary and weak beta.

But….

In a trance, Lu Taipan seemed to remember that yesterday, a certain young man was relieved, and smiled sweetly in the room. bSgqAM

“A well-meaning inspector”? Su Liang did not even conduct any identity investigation at all regarding Lu Taipan’s appearance.

What other people said, he would quickly believe it.

The Snake Den is notorious, even out of basic security awareness, people and things here should be vigilant. However, he has a strong goodwill and kindness towards people he has only met once, and even towards those androids who have only been with him for a short period of time.

To even worry about the AI Steward, that can be used as the strongest weapon of war… sJMT0d

He was obviously not that weak fourteen year old boy, but in some respects, that overly naive temperament had not changed at all. When he saw a person covered in blood, he even greeted him and came over stupidly.

Just like the kind of stray cat that doesn’t have any survival skills. Without recognising neither lies nor malice, as long as you give it a little sweetness, it will foolishly come up and show its furry belly for people to rub.

This kind of person has survived so smoothly in the Lu family?

Thinking of this, the wrinkles between Lu Taipan’s eyebrows deepened. FauOo

Such a naive, stupid, weak and person was the type of people he didn’t like.

He thought.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Too easy to kill.

It’s hard to feel reassured. hO4xJg

“Cough, boss.”

When he came back to his senses, Lu Taipan noticed that the scene of the combat meeting, which had been terribly noisy, had fallen into a dead silence.

The Vipers looked at Lu Taipan in shock, their faces a little dignified.

“Isn’t the goods that the star pirates shipped to the black market really important? For example, there’s antimatter particle cannons that can blow up half a galaxy… if it’s the case, then maybe we can take another, more secure plan to destroy them?” DZQM8t

Xue Yinhuan, who was sitting beside him, carefully observed the slight lines on Lu Taipan’s eyebrows, and said with a trembling voice.

The last time he saw Lu Taipan frown was on the eve of the final battle with the Canaanites.

Even Xue Yinhuan, who was looking for death on a daily basis, was inevitably nervous when he thought that he had taken on a task that would make the stern, machine-like boss have a solemn expression.

Lu Taipan suddenly regained his original rigid face, and he glanced at Xue Yinhuan coldly. SdtfxX

“That’s just a routine task.” Lu Taipan said word by word.

“You and Black Mamba can do it.”

After speaking, he lowered his eyes again and looked at the screen in front of him, but before continuing the combat meeting, he took the time to send an order.

vHkDR



* * *



“Service Personnel 017, Lu He.”

In the hall where the service staff gathered, a very mechanical voice suddenly appeared.

An auto-flying droid swept out of the dark grid and rushed directly towards Lu He in the corner.

“Your mission has been released. Next, you will receive mission training. Now, please follow me out of here immediately and go to the workplace.” v9wr F

The droid issued the orders coldly.

Lu He looked at the ugly flying droid in front of him with surprise.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

“Huh?” He was taken aback. “Wait, I can’t be number 17, right? It’s too soon for a mission, right?”

Based off the training records he saw before coming here, all the tasks were distributed in the order of numbers. Lu He was fine at first, but he won’t leave here for a while. MHhKQb

Lu He looked at Su Liang, muttered unwillingly, and wanted to negotiate with the droid.

However, the droid in front of him did not give him any chance to negotiate at all.

The buzzing mechanical body rushed forward, as if asking for something, and the droid almost fell on Lu He’s face. In order to avoid the constantly spinning wings on the droid, Lu He was so frightened that he backed away again and again, trying to distance himself from this thing.

“Wait wait, is there something wrong with your settings–” J8REmp

“Please leave here with me immediately and head to the work destination.”

“Please leave here with me immediately and head to the work destination.”

The droid just repeated the cold words mechanically, as if driving away beasts, and directly drove the tall and strong Lu He out of the hall.

Of course, before being completely kicked out, Lu He still seized the opportunity to stuff a personal communicator into Su Liang’s hand. H3pd8Z

“Senior Su, let’s talk when we’re free!”

Lu He’s voice came from far outside the door.”

It has to be said that the simple and rude way the Snake Den treats the service staff made everyone present look a little unsightly. The group of betas who were still murmuring and chattering before also quickly silenced themselves, for fear that they would also be driven out like sheeps by the automatic droid that looks no different from a fly.

Except for Su Liang. g25F6B

He gazed strangely at the communicator in his hand, and after hesitating for a while, he put the thing in his pocket.

“Crack–”

It was accompanied by the fragmenting of the data panel in front of Lu Taipan.

This time, the combat meeting of the vipers fell into silence once more. uvTxUg

“Bo, boss, tell me the truth….”

Xue Yinhuan was close to tears.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

He looked at Lu Taipan’s frown at the moment with a bleak expression. “Actually, even if it’s that kind of mortal mission, I’ll be willing to go. In short, no matter what mission, you just need to make it clear. I hope you don’t hide it from me, at least tell me what the real purpose of this mission is? I’d better go back and distribute my pension, by the way, don’t let Black Mamba follow me. He also just managed to get his life back, and it’s only been a few years since he’s alive again, it’s not worth losing it again….”

Lu Taipan: “………” pXEgR



* * *



The author has something to say:

Lu Taipan: I really hate this kind of silly, soft, innocent, fragrant weakling.

LU Taipan: It’s annoying.

……

Lu Taipan: It’s just that he is pitiful. sE2Q03

Lu Taipan: Just take care of it. It’s also not a hassle.





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 18


With Lu He’s departure, the process of assigning work began in an orderly manner.

Droids with sleek surfaces and flying wings will fly in front of everyone, announce tasks with mechanical voices, and lead them away. Thank goodness, none of the robots that appeared after that seemed to be as ferocious as the one from Lu He before. Led by the robot, one Beta after another gradually left the hall. lsVfYo

Su Liang also got his own job.

He needs to take care of a garden. The garden was so small that he could see the entire area at a glance.



Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

The garden was also very unique, because Su Liang had never seen the plants grown here in any kind of botany books – they were planted in a weird, ice-blue gel, and looked slightly like the vines on earth, but the texture of the branches and leaves were similar to succulents.

Under the light, those plants seemed to have a polarized lens, with its surface diffusing blue, green, purple, and pale golden light. OSAT8V

These plants were derived from Leia, a precious alien plant.



However, just like the fully spiritualized Leias, the plants produced within this area were also difficult to attain. Leia Plants were extremely resistant to machinery and artifacts, and their natural enemy were the automated gardening systems. They could only be taken care of by living, gentle and peaceful human beings.

Actually, Su Liang didn’t quite understand how such an out of place garden suddenly appeared in the Snake Den, but he still honestly took care of the extremely precious Leia plants in the garden – what he didn’t expect was that Leia plants were even easier to take care of, even more than earth plants.

He just had to do what the manual said, and stayed in the garden for a long time everyday.

PsNdKF

After half a month, even though Su Liang felt that he didn’t take care of them at all, the Leia plants in the garden still grew lushly at a rate visible to the naked eye.

Looking at the buds that sprouted from the Leia plant, Su Liang looked forward to seeing it bloom.

His days were very calm, calm enough to satisfy him.



But just about when he was about to let go of his past worries and almost forget the beta named Lu He, the other party appeared in front of him again. ToF203

That day, Su Liang lost track of time in the garden.

When he got back to the dormitory, it was already dark.

The innocent looking young man jumped out of the bushes surrounding the road abruptly and blocked Su Liang directly.

“Senior Su-” T5DMXu

Lu He tilted his head slightly. Because of the backlight, Su Liang couldn’t see his expression. He could only hear a trace of reproach in his voice.

“I looked for you several times, but you ignored me. I’m not that annoying, right? If I offended you, tell me, why are you acting so aloof.”

Su Liang stared at him for a while, and then replied calmly. “What do you want with me?”

Lu He obviously heard Su Liang’s indifference. vC3IHq

However, he still didn’t walk away, but persisted to block Su Liang’s path.

“That, senior, there’s actually one thing I’ve wanted to talk to you about… it’s about, young master Lu. He wants me to tell you a message.”

Chrysanthemum Garden.

He said.

“Oh?” 0mi7gL

“Really, senior Su, this thing is actually very important.”

Lu He’s voice grew anxious.

Su Liang lowered his eyes, hiding all the expressions in his eyes. Then, under Lu He’s gestures, followed him towards a remote corner.

Not far from the dormitory building, in what seemed to be an abandoned sports field, Su Liang and Lu He stood, facing each other. 4Pqnu8

Lu He waved towards Su Liang. “Senior Su, come closer and I’ll tell you.”

One of his hands were in his pocket.

Su Liang stared at the young beta in front of him, and sneered suddenly.

“I actually have something to tell you as well. Why don’t you get closer?” 40mxoH

Su Liang smiled.

He could feel that Lu He seemed to hesitate for a while. Then, as if he had figured something out, he drew closer.

“Senior Su, what did you want to tell me?”

“I’ll tell you – in Xingchuan University, among the freshmen, there’s no ‘you’.” v3cOam

As the last word fell, Su Liang raised his hand and grabbed Lu He’s hand that was in his pocket, raising his knee and hitting Lu He’s lower abdomen roughly.

Lu He was already prepared to stab Su Liang’s neck with the injection he had in his palm, but Su Liang’s actions completely interrupted his plans. Feeling severe pain, Lu He screamed, bowing down uncontrollably.

And in this gap, Su Liang turned around and grabbed Lu He’s arm directly with the strength of his waist and abdomen, and then he pressed his shoulder against the body of the man who was much taller than himself, with a clever effort, he grabbed Lu He with one hand, throwing him to the ground.

“What the fuck are you doing-” z87Gn6





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Lu He howled in pain.

Lf jirb kjcafv ab ufa eq jcv oluta yjmx, yea ja atlr alwf Ve Oljcu tjv aegcfv bnfg jcv xcfia vlgfmais yftlcv tlw, qlcclcu tlw ab atf ugbecv.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

“Vtbeivc’a P yf atf bcf ab jrx atlr?” Lf ibbxfv mbivis ja atf rageuuilcu wjc ecvfg tlw, jcv jrxfv mbivis. “Qtja vlv sbe kjca ab vb ab wf?”

As a student representative of Xingchuan University, Su Liang once helped teachers sort out the admission materials for the current batch of freshmen. 21MGCt

Coincidentally, Su Liang has a very good memory.

Moreover, he was very sure that if someone from the Lu family entered Xingchuan, he would definitely have an impression.

Before, when Lu He got close to him, Su Liang vaguely felt that something was wrong.

And then, when Lu He personally said that Lu Zhizhao had a message to convey to him, he instantly determined that there must be something wrong with Lu He. juYyAs

After staying with Lu Zhizhao for so long, Su Liang somewhat understands Lu Zhizhao’s character – on the surface, Lu Zhizhao seemed like an approachable and eclectic person, but he was also extremely arrogant. This arrogance was reflected by the fact that Lu Zhizhao will never get close to a member of the Lu family’s side branch that would be assigned to the Snake Den, and it was even more impossible for him to relay messages to Su Liang through such a person.

Of course, after removing all these clues, what really drove Su Liang to act was the instinct he honed in the 48th district in his previous life. In that kind of place, it was very difficult for a person to live without instinctively detecting the hidden malice others held.

Su Liang utilized the self-defense skills he also learnt in the 48th district to restrain Lu He completely, and then saw Lu He’s still clenched hand. He raised his eyebrows, striking Lu He’s wrist without hesitation.

“Crack–” Kgsd t

With the soft sound of bones cracking.

Lu He’s scream became more and more shrill.

His hand slackened uncontrollably, a syringe containing pale pink medicine falling directly from Lu He’s palm.

“Huh? What’s this-” nucdlK

Su Liang’s eyes narrowed slightly, and he couldn’t help leaning over to pick the needle up.

And at this moment, he suddenly felt the cold hair on his back standing on end.

Su Liang turned over, jumping directly from Lu He.

His movements were fast, but the person who came used a special launcher, with even greater speed. pPI2dv

Su Liang only felt a stinging pain on the back of his neck, cold liquid pouring into him. Su Liang’s vision dimmed almost immediately, his body suddenly becoming uncontrollable.

“It’s you?”

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Su Liang turned his head dizzily, panting as he watched a familiar figure approaching slowly in the distance.

It was that arrogant valet from the Ning family, who had personally scolded Lu He for being a dog-licker before. He put the transmitter back into his pocket and glared at Su Liang viciously. HQXK2L

“What are you doing?”

Su Liang gritted his teeth, trying to maintain his clarity.

“I didn’t do anything. I just let you experience death early.”

The little follower seethed. 0P3GIe

“You injected me…. With poison?”

Su Liang wanted to find out more.

But in the next second, he felt a heavy punch on his face, Su Liang fell to the ground, the world spinning in front of him.

Even so, he couldn’t feel much pain. CkfmL3

“Fuck – aren’t you amazing? How come you’re still asking questions?”

Lu He’s insults came from his ears.

“Dare to hit this master, see if I don’t kill you-”

Lu He jumped up from the ground, his previous disguise fading away to reveal a hideous ruffian. 4I1EKq

Su Liang couldn’t move at this time. He looked extremely pale and weak when he fell to the ground. Lu He wanted to take revenge again, but was scolded by the Ning family’s servant.

“Enough! It’s now shameful enough, is it? The shield only works for a while. You’ve delayed long enough. You want that old monster to find out what we’re doing, is it? His mental power covers the entire island, come here and help me! Do you want to wait until the shield fails?!”

“But…”

“He’s going to die soon anyways! Don’t cause trouble!” Zgx6it

Su Liang tried his best to control his breathing, to slow down his blood flow and prevent the drug from affecting him faster.

His head felt terribly dizzy, his body gradually becoming limp.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

And then, came searing heat.

The heat spread from the wound where the drug was injected into him, making Su Liang feel like he was burning. lF6YrX

He felt Lu He and the Ning family’s beta lean towards him, dragging him to a certain location.

In the darkness of the night, the scorching flames raging in his body burned like crazy, causing Su Liang to completely lose consciousness.



* * *



In the inner courtyard of the Snake Den.

In the depths of the island, Lu Taipan was lying peacefully inside a huge water tank. a Dt1d

He sank to the bottom of the blue calming solution, as pale as an ancient siren’s corpse.

His mental power was firmly sealed by drugs and machinery.

The scorching pheromones were limited to a tolerable range.

And at this moment, Steward appeared. 8vfRmk

“We have both good and bad news.”

Steward, who used to be chatty and spoke nonsense previously, conveyed the message succinctly this time.

“The good news is that the trap we reserved for the Black Guardian or the Skull Legion group for a while has finally been triggered, and someone is coming to you. But the bad news is that it’s not the Black Guardian nor the Skull Legion who are escaping now, but just two little rats that don’t matter–”

“You can handle it.” nv4Sj2

Lu Taipan did not wait for Steward to finish speaking, ordering the other coldly.

But Steward did not follow Lu Taipan’s instructions. For a moment, the voice of the AI sounded slightly embarrassed.

“However, those two rats took young master Su Liang.”

“What?” 4ZVjsH

“They’ve also injected young master Su Liang with an unknown drug, and are keeping him close.” Steward looked gloomy. “I’ve already notified the hatchlings on patrol. I think they should arrive soon, but I hope that the two intruders will not harm young master Su Liang before that.”

“Splash..”

Chrysanthemum Garden.

With the sound of water, Lu Taipan left the calming pool without a word.

After a brief silence, Steward’s voice rang again. “By the way, I detected some bad data. The pheromone concentration near the inner courtyard is increasing, and I can’t quite judge if it came from the two intruders or young master Su Liang. The temperature sensor showed that young master Su Liang is currently in high fever….” YQROsH

Lu Taipan put on a robe.

He methodically put on the muzzle-like mask on himself, and then equipped himself with weapons.

Then, he walked straight out of the room, heading towards the ‘invaders’ on the virtual screen.



* * *



There was a wonderfully sweet scent in the air. mQVuZ0

The two betas were pale, holding onto Su Liang and walking on a remote path.

The closer it is to the inner courtyard, the stronger the spiritual power belonging to Lu Taipan. It was obvious that their conspiracy had succeeded, but the two betas who had done the crime were now shaky with cold sweat on their faces.

Lu He was holding the burning up boy on his back, his voice hoarse. “Why haven’t we arrived yet, can’t we just leave this guy here?”

The Ning family’s valet also looked ugly. He took another look at the projection on the wrist communicator to determine the location. S0woHW

They had paid a lot of money to get Lu Taipan’s schedule and the approximate floor plans of the inner courtyard facilities from an informant.

It was not far from the safe place that the informant gave them.

“There’s no problem with the location, the drugs should be okay too right?”

Lu He may have been influenced by Lu Taipan’s mental power, and the whole person became panicked and restless. As he walked forward, he couldn’t help but ask again. NUdgsj

“Don’t talk nonsense. Can’t you feel it yourself if there’s a problem?”

The valet spoke harshly.

Su Liang’s body has become extremely hot, and as his body temperature rises, a scent emerges from his body.

It was a kind of sweet and greasy scent that almost even betas could perceive. aXS28h

The Ning family’s valet injected Su Liang with a special drug.

This agent can maximize the release of the thin pheromone of Beta itself, not only that, but it will also combine the released pheromone with the special alpha-specific traps added in the agent to form something akin to a powerful aphrodisiac.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

It could even make high-level alphas instantly enter their rut period.

A taciturn beta could also instantly turn into an addictive stunner. SB0nXM

Of course, the person who created this potion did not expect that a simple potion could make Lu Taipan, who is as strong as iron, lose control.

However, what they seeked was not to let Lu Taipan lose control, but to let Su Liang, who had strong pheromones on his body, die in Lu Taipan’s hands.

A special lure for Lu Taipan was added to this drug, which was specially developed based on the pheromone residue that Lu Taipan left on the battlefield many years ago.

It was precisely because of this that unless he accepts the release of this specific alpha pheromone to neutralize the drug’s effects, Su Liang will continue to emit this strong, tempting pseudo-pheromone. 6lddzu

Such a pheromone emitter was a complete trigger for Lu Taipan, who suffers from pheromone disorder.

Considering Lu Taipan’s ruthless methods in the past, the most likely thing he would do is to directly erase the existence named “Su Liang”.

“At that time, I’ll see how you seduced Master Lu, how you bullied Ah’Ning…”

The Ning family’s valet kept talking and cheering for himself. 3TaHqA

As if they had been walking for a lifetime, they finally arrived at their intended location.

The two of them directly threw Su Liang on the ground in fear. Lu He thought for a while, then rushed up and ripped Su Liang’s clothes into pieces.

“What are you doing?”

The Ning family’s valet shouted in shock. STR23V

“Isn’t it still far from the Lu family’s old beast? I’m afraid he won’t notice—”

“Don’t fuck it up! This location has been calculated, it’ll definitely work! Let’s go quickly, that beast may be coming soon!”

The Ning family’s valet raised his head and glanced at the lights on the other side of the dark forest from a distance.

He knew very well that that was the place where the Lu family’s master, Lu Taipan, would perform calming and spiritual therapy tonight. HM6JhB

With Lu Taipan’s monster-like perception, at such a short distance, he won’t even need to pay attention to notice the pheromones emanating from Su Liang’s body.

Thinking that Lu Taipan was likely to arrive soon, their faces were both ver pale.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

They shrugged their shoulders, turning to leave.

However, their brains were already screaming at them to leave quickly. Try as they may, they found that their bodies seemed to be unable to move. zFK1ya

What happened?

Why, why isn’t their body obeying?

Why were they shaking?

The wet, cold sweat trailed down their forehead. After a long time, they realized that this was the natural reaction of their bodies under extreme fear. 0qdSf

Something is coming.

A real monster has come.

Die.

They would die. kVRi2y

….. Just as they thought so, a pale shadow suddenly appeared in front of them.

“Help.”

“I was wrong, I don’t dare…”

“Spare me, Patriarch, I beg you to spare me….” kclHnj

Random cries and fragmented howls rippled away into the night.

The two, who were stimulated to the point of insanity by the pressure emanating from the elite alpha, fell to the ground the moment they saw that person.”

They screamed, thinking that they were about to face the most painful and horrific death.

However, they didn’t expect that tall figure to pass directly over them and walk over to the unclothed young man who was thrown on the ground by them. B1C cW



* * *



tln:

so actually i wanted to update until chapter 20 for the surprise today (since it’s my hatch day) but i got sidetracked throughout the week 😳

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

it’s also first day of uni yeayayay (cri

have fun with the cliffhanger ehe <3 dSDUtM





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 19


Su Liang’s current state looks rather bleak.

Lu He didn’t show any mercy when he tore off his clothes. The clothes on his body had now turned into shredded fabric, which couldn’t cover his body at all. The young beta, now lying on the ground like a toy someone broke, looked fragile and pitiful. QEPgOb

The drug concocted with malice and conspiracy played an evil role within his body, causing his body to become weak, and his mind chaotic.

The high fever dyed his originally fair skin a light pink, and from close range, there was a noticeably strong aroma that was constantly emitting from his body – the imitation pheromone, stimulated constantly under the drug’s influence, with a thick, viscous sweet scent like cream, honey and sweet jam mixed together, condensing into a luscious substance in the air.



Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

“Wu….”

Su Liang curled up, his body trembling slightly. VJ0WjL

Seemingly aware of Lu Taipan’s approach, an indistinct whimper came out from the boy, akin to a wounded animal.



He stretched out his limp hands and looked at the tall man in his field of vision with hazy eyes.

It seemed like he was resisting.

But also…. Expecting.

PwtadI

The sweet scent intensified.

Lu Taipan stopped beside Su Liang.

It was difficult to see any expression on the face obscured by the mask. He still seemed to be so indifferent, but his eyes were deep and bright.



His gaze slid across Su Liang’s cheeks and body inch by inch. xkB5vE

Along the way, Su Liang already had many tiny scratches on his body, with tiny blood droplets oozing out from these scratches.The bruises on his face left by Lu He’s attack also became prominent.

A cold and terrifying breath overflowed from Lu Taipan’s body, and in the next second, Lu He and the Ning family’s valet, who were not far from them, lost their voices.

Two heavy muffled sounds resounded, and their bodies fell heavily to the ground. They were completely unable to resist the pressure of the monstrous double S-leveled alpha, and could only be overwhelmed into a painful and deep coma.

In the same way, feeling Lu Taipan’s pressure, several figures who were slowly moving in the night also stopped in an instant. The Vipers wrapped in tight black combat uniforms had also arrived, but after sensing Lu Taipan’s pressure, they quickly stopped at a position where they could ensure their own safety. 7x9GMv

The only one who could get close was Steward.





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


The automata dragged Lu He’s and the Ning family’s valet’s limp bodies to the side, and then looked over towards Su Liang worriedly.

Ccv atfc, ibbxfv ja Oe Kjlqjc jujlc.

“Jbeut mbeut.” iZzIX2

Ktf jeabwjaj wjvf j ragjcuf, ecalwfis mbeut.

Vfflcu atja Oe Kjlqjc kjr jybea ab qlmx Ve Oljcu tf rqbxf eq j ilaaif tfrlajcais.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

“Zs yfibnfv Zjrafg, jmmbgvlcu ab atf gfji-alwf vjaj mbiifmafv ater ojg, la lr cba gfmbwwfcvfv atja sbe tjnf remt mibrf mbcajma klat sbecu wjrafg Ve Oljcu. Rbk atf mbcmfcagjalbc bo qrfevb-qtfgbwbcfr fwjcjalcu ogbw sbecu wjrafg Ve Oljcu’r ybvs tjr fzmffvfv 20 mbcnfcalbcji eclar. Snfc lo atf lrbijalbc vfnlmf kbgxr, atf ralweijalbc bo atlr mbcmfcagjalbc bo qtfgbwbcfr klii ralii lcmgfjrf sbeg glrx bo qtfgbwbcf vlrbgvfg.”

What Steward said was correct. dyjazT

Under the action of the high-strength isolation device, most of the pseudo-pheromones were indeed isolated from Lu Taipan’s perception range.

However, Lu Taipan felt that he could still smell that faint scent that would make him have an alpha’s instinctive reaction.

That smell was not cloying.

On the contrary, it was light, with a refreshing, slightly sweet aroma. Tedt56

Like an unripe, green fruit, still hiding in the branches.

The aroma of the pulp, still encased under the peel, could only be accidentally and occasionally detected.

Lu Taipan’s throat rolled.

Those wastes and trash seem to have made new progress on those experimental pheromone inducers – it was what Lu Taipan was thinking at this moment. kLDCwz

Even in the past, there have been countless attempts to attack him with various pheromonal weapons, with the goal to make him berserk. However, they all failed in the end, without exception.

Even though he was suffering from pheromone disorder, those things did not work on Lu Taipan.

It was a bit counterintuitive, but that’s the way it is.

According to Steward’s and the Lu family’s internal medical staff’s analysis, this may be related to Lu Taipan’s high alpha level. WVYswu

[Your level is too high, which brought you the unluckiness of pheromone disorder. In this way, because your indicators in various aspects are vastly different from ordinary people – this also means that pheromones in the normal sense are not really “pheromones” for you. They can’t arouse your physiological instinct at all, only your body’s defense mechanism, causing you severe pain and neurological symptoms, which is the reason behind your offensive instinct….]

Steward finally made his final comment.

[Congratulations, my master. You should be glad that your pheromone disorder will give you an early death, otherwise you may end up lonely and single, without ever experiencing the happiness that a normal alpha ought to enjoy!]

The AI’s ever-accurate judgments seem oddly off. tgsemC

On this night, facing the young, delirious beta, Lu Taipan could clearly feel that something was wrong.

Beneath those saccharine sweet pseudo-pheromones, there was another thing that was constantly stimulating his body.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

His own temperature started to rise as well.\

His gums start to become sore. a5vX3S

With the sound of a ‘click’, the bite stopper did its job.

The black leather built-in muzzle was firmly embedded in Lu Taipan’s mouth.

Lu Taipan clearly felt that his marking teeth, the original marking tool that Alphas had, was slowly extending.

The secreted liquid pheromones were then absorbed by the mouth flail. GkNS2m

It was a symptom not observed in previous pheromone attacks.

However, at the moment when Lu Taipan hesitated because of his abnormal condition, the slender, pitiful young beta whimpered.

“Let me go-”

He gasped vaguely, his voice full of resistance. NtdMRZ

Then he struggled in Lu Taipan’s arms, but under the drug’s influence, even his resistance and struggle seemed so weak and futile.

In the haze, as if realizing that he couldn’t break free, two lines of tears slowly slid from the corner of Su Liang’s eyes.

Even though his body was still in high fever, the young man’s face was as pale as a transparent ghost, his delicate brows furrowed, and there were deep bite marks under his lips, which were oozing blood.

Anyone could see that trapped in this drugged nightmare, Su Liang was desperate. hRQVnB

“Don’t be afraid.”

After a brief silence, Lu Taipan suddenly whispered helplessly in Su Liang’s ear.

“It’s me. You’re safe.”

At this moment, Su Liang was really in a state of chaos. He could not hear anything, much less understand. 1ImASW

However, miraculously, after hearing Lu Taipan’s voice, he struggled to open his eyes.

Of course, his eyes were still dazed, and he had obviously not regained his senses.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

His tears made his vision blurry, the darkness of the night making him unable to see the man beside him at all.

But Su Liang still showed Lu Taipan a hazy, reassuring smile. 1KZaz4

“It’s you…”

He murmured in a daze.

The next moment, Su Liang closed his eyes once more, but his expression was much more relaxed than before.

He rubbed lightly on Lu Taipan’s chest, then his body softened, and he fell into a relieved coma. LkdS24

Lu Taipan as well, no longer hesitated to hug Su Liang tightly.

“Prepare the medics. Also, I want all the information on these two.”

He calmly instructed the others.

Then, in front of everyone else, the extremely cold and terrifying man, embraced Su Liang and walked towards the deepest part of the Snake Den. Bd170v



* * *



tln:

it’s still a cliffhanger………..

also, first hug! first hug !!!!! i recently saw a novel that i wanted to tl so bad, but i said no to temptation like a good little hatchling o3o

m6yXja





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 20


In the nightmare, Su Liang gasped in pain.

In the dream, he was a traveler who had been trekking in the barren desert for an unknown amount of time. UHEeI1

Every inch of his skin, every blood vessel was almost burnt into ashes by the thirst and the high heat.

He was in so much pain that he even had trouble breathing.



Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

In the scorching hell where his spirit was on the verge of collapse, the only thing that made him persevere was the faint scent in the air, as thin as gossamer.

Moist, cold, and the subtle, incense-like ice and snow lingered around him, becoming the last consolation in the high fever. X Bj5O

Su Liang greedily pursued that lingering breath.



The dehydrated, desperate desert trekker desperately needed that handful of ice and snow to dissipate the scorching flames raging within his body.

In reality, Lu Taipan stood without expression in the medical department’s hallway.

It was a huge, white room with bluish white lights illuminating every corner. The most advanced medical equipment owned by the entire Earth Alliance, and even the entire galactic civilization could be found here.

PxdyKJ

However, surrounded by so many medical equipment, Su Liang still laid in pain within the medical cabin, trembling helplessly.

The young and slender boy looked worse now than before, with his red lips, heavy breathing, and even his cold sweat had already soaked through his hair, strands of black hair messily sticking to his cheeks and forehead, making his skin even paler.

“What’s happening?”



Lu Taipan frowned, looking at the screen outside the medical cabin, where numerical values were fluctuating. bgSMvL

“Our antidote isn’t working as it should.”

Steward’s voice came from the mouth of a medical robot.

“We are still analyzing young master Su Liang’s blood sample. The specific components have not been fully analyzed, but we can be sure that the inducer that has your mark in the medicine seriously interferes with the effect of the antidote. At present, it can be preliminarily that he is in a false state of Pheromone Hyperactivity Period, which is similar to an Omega’s…..”

“Tell me the solution.” OteRkx

Lu Taipan interrupted Steward.

“He needs you to apply a certain dose of pheromones to him to neutralize the inducer’s power.” The medical robot said word by word. “Otherwise, young master Su Liang would probably remain in his current state. His cardiopulmonary functions and information glands are very stressed. However, the current contradiction is that if I collect pheromones from you in vitro, and inject them into young master Su Liang’s body, it will still be quite dangerous for him. After all, Master’s special circumstances…”

It could be said that although Ning Tangsheng’s plan was viciously petty, it was very effective.

Because matters concerning Lu Taipan’s pheromones has always been tricky. jsblca

Known as a monstrous double S-leveled alpha, Lu Taipan’s pheromones and the pheromones secreted by a normal alpha are two completely different things.

After going through purification, his pheromones can even directly corrode metal instrument probes.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

It could be said that his pheromones were the same as his spiritual power, which was equivalent to danger for earth creatures.

It was why Lu Taipan’s body was always inlaid with metal spines – he must inject inhibitors and nerve blockers into his body 24 hours a day, and then cooperate with high-level self-isolation devices, so that other creatures could safely approach him alive. hLUlw2

For so many years, no one has ever known what Lu Taipan’s pheromones smell like.

Because there was simply no one who could withstand that intensity of contact.

“Directly injecting pheromones into the bloodstream by itself would be a strong stimulus for the recipient, especially when master’s pheromone is special. According to the existing experimental data, we can basically conclude that if this method is adopted, young master Su Liang will have a severe immune response. After all, he is only a beta, and the pheromones he is producing right now are also produced under the drug’s influence. It is impossible for him to produce O-type pheromones to neutralize the toxicity of alpha pheromones, like how ordinary omegas do to alphas.”

The sound system of the medical robot has less variety than that of the automata, but the other party’s gentle emphasis still had a vague concern. h8BJkI





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Oe Kjlqjc’r fzqgfrrlbc kjr rilutais mbiv.

Lf revvfcis ragfamtfv bea tlr tjcv jcv bqfcfv atf megnfv rtlfiv bo atf wfvlmji mjylc.

Ktf rkffa jgbwj uertfv bea, jcv atf wjc’r olcufgalqr ufcais abemtfv atf yjmx bo Ve Oljcu’r cfmx.

Dfcfjat atf rmjivlcu rxlc, atf lcobgwjalbc uijcvr rkfiifv, fwlaalcu qrfevb-qtfgbwbcfr. dg8Jmk

“Then, how about absorbing through the glands?”

Lu Taipan asked suddenly.

“Ah?”

The medical robot jammed briefly. if 8Qt

Even Steward took a moment to fully understand Lu Taipan’s suggestion.

Liquid pheromones are injected into the gland by the marking teeth, so that the other party could absorb the pheromones through the gland, which was the most natural and primitive way of releasing pheromones that has lasted for thousands of years between alphas and omegas. Indeed, this was much safer and gentler than injecting pheromones directly into the bloodstream. But in the same way, for both involved parties, it also heralded an extremely private, an extreme…… relationship.

Considering the man’s words and actions in the past, Steward never imagined that one day, someone like Lu Tapan would calmly propose to release pheromones in this most primitive way to soothe others.

The last time Steward felt his information flow was messy was the time that he found out that the special tattoo on Lu Taipan’s back was seen by others. JVA27F

“Using that traditional method to release pheromones is indeed much safer for young master Su Liang, but it’s still not feasible.” If the medical robot could have expressions, Steward would probably have a bitter face by now. “You need to remove all the devices on your body, so that it would be possible to release your pheromones completely. However, considering master’s physical condition, the risk of doing so is too great. After all, your physical data is not very good currently, and those medicines are also running its course within you-”

“Examine my disorder and mental stability value.” Lu Taipan interrupted Steward once more.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

“I really don’t recommend you to do this, my dear master. After all, you… eh? These two values of yours seem to be very good?”

Steward was surprised, reexamining those near-perfect values numerous times. DO7GXS

All of Lu Taipan’s physical data showed that the malicious drug was effective on him, and he even had some mild rut reactions. According to past data, the Snake Den’s master should have become mentally unstable due to the serious physical burden. However, apart from Lu Taipan’s slightly excited body, the state of his mental and pheromones were exceptionally perfect.

“Alright, we’ll use the second plan to treat young master Su Liang, releasing pheromones using the traditional method.”

Steward spoke dryly.

After confirming his physical condition, along with inputting the password, all of the inhibitors and isolation devices built into the metal spine were expelled. Lu Taipan took a deep breath, clearly feeling that after years of numbness under this suppression method, his icy body was awakening, little by little. pIT7sv

It was as if the monster was opening its eyes slowly within the abyss.

As his body temperature continued to rise, the blazing pheromones of the double S-leveled alpha that no one could withstand began to spread in the pure white hall.

Lu Taipan looked towards the treatment cabin.

Just as Su Liang could easily adapt to Lu Taipan’s terrifying, overflowing mental power, at this moment, Su Liang did not feel any discomfort related to the gradually thickening pheromones in the air. 1wI TH

In fact, when the dangerous pheromones began to spread, Su Liang even behaved…. quite comfortably.

“Hu…”

The young beta snorted softly, as if calling for someone.

The slight spasms on his body gradually subsided. p6Lz0m

His breathing was still heavy, but it didn’t have the urgency he had before.

The face that had been frowning seemed to be slowly relaxing.

Lu Taipan took in all of the young man’s reactions, and breathed a sigh of relief imperceptibly.

“Execute plan: mandatory restriction, execution target: me.” EXYeGN

Lu Taipan lowered his eyes, did not approach Su Liang immediately, but whispered coldly.

“Restriction intensity adjusted to A. Once I lose control, the priority is to protect Su Liang.”

Chrysanthemum Garden.

He continued.

Accompanied by his voice, several high-strength steel alloy cables glowing with faint blue light descended from the ceiling like live pythons. The steel cable pierced Lu Taipan’s neck and back one after another, and the sharp-ended steel claws spun and locked onto his metal spine. 6R5UnS

At the moment when the steel alloy cabled restricted Lu Taipan, the brooding man’s brows twitched slightly, feeling even worse that his nerves were under control. His face paled, and there was a short, muffled groan within his throat.

But still, his expression did not change much.

Immediately after Lu Taipan stretched his arms behind him, several suspending arms quietly protruded, and tightly fastened the strong magnetic lock and alloy shackled to his forearms and wrists.

It could be said that this restriction on Lu Taipan’s body was comparably to that on a federal major criminal. J7UdbK

In case Lu Taipan falls into a state of complete madness for some unknown reason when releasing his pheromones, these measures were the first line of defense to protect the survival of other humans within the Snake Den.

After all the confinement devices were in place, Lu Taipan came to Su Liang step by step.

Lu Taipan nodded slightly.

In the next moment, the suspension arm automatically reached out and stretched out of the back of his head. Yh7cCz

The complicated unlocking procedure lasted for more than ten seconds.

“Crack-”

At last, there was a crisp metallic sound, followed by the sound of the muzzle falling.

An unusually handsome, yet particularly brooding face was revealed. It was a face that very few people have seen with their own eyes, and it might be enough to scare many ignorant children into tears. However, when Lu Taipan looked down into the medical cabin, there was a gentleness in his eyes that he himself did not even realize. tUkzYM

There was no mask isolation.

There was no muzzle restriction.

There was no suppression from long-acting inhibitors.

Everything around him became so intense and exhilarating. 3JNBr8

The artificial pseudo-pheromones became extremely strong, almost disgusting, but under such a disgusting smell, the fresh and fruity scent that made Lu Taipan moved seemed to become clearer.

Lu Taipan was like a beast chasing its prey, with his nose flared.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

Some extremely alphan primitive instincts began to rekindle in his body.

The tall man leaned over slowly, getting closer and closer to the slender boy in the medical cabin. J5Fdcm

His canine teeth protruded slowly, like a vampire in ancient legends.

“Tick.”

The transparent liquid pheromones fell from the sharp fangs and landed on Su Liang’s cheek.

At that moment, even the strong pseudo-pheromones disappeared suddenly, and what filled the air was Lu Taipan’s savage and ferocious pheromones, unique to him. D5Xu2o

“Hu….hu…”

Wrapped in an unusually rich alpha pheromone, the comatose Su Liang began to breathe rapidly. It seemed that he instinctively sensed the special danger. He, who was relaxed at first, began to struggle feebly within his dream, as if he wanted to stay away from what was about to approach.

Something was not quite right.

It was as if… he was about to be captured. QNDj3e

No, he was about to be devoured.

It was a common instinctive fear when facing a predator.

Su Liang, who had been much comfortable due to the double S-leveled alpha’s pheromones, couldn’t help but want to escape at this time.

However, it was futile. pNzcGh

There was absolutely no escape.

Nor was he allowed to escape.

The robotic arms stretched out quietly from both sides of the treatment cabin, turned the limp and struggling young beta over, pinning him firmly on the bed.

Lu Taipan’s eyes darkened. LDNg8t

At this moment, he even exuded an inhuman, terrifying aura.

He restrained himself and approached the boy, carefully searching for the information glands on the back of Su Liang’s neck with his teeth.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

This action, he did clumsily.

Even if he was a double S-leveled alpha, in his entire life, there has never been an omega who can approach him like Su Liang. ZOzXEx

In the same way, there was no one who has ever been approached like this by him.

The drug that the Ning family developed, once again achieved what its maker wanted to achieve.

Lu Taipan felt that his heartbeat started to lose its rhythm, and his nerves were simultaneously very tense and excited.

It was an unfamiliar feeling for Lu Taipan. c5pX1o

It’s not being “out of control”, but it was…

What was it?

The cold, eternally machine-like Lu Taipan has lost the time to think about it.

Because his instinct was far faster than his reason, before he could even react, he found out that he had discovered the information gland that Su Liang shouldn’t have had. Wuwd5U

Lu Taipan pierced the back of Su Liang’s neck with a rare clumsiness in his life, and released some pheromones into it.



* * *



tln:

was the cliffhangers fun? omo

with this chapter, we’ve officially entered the vip section of this novel !!!! 2TG5Uj

also this looks dubious but its not !!!! lu taipan cherishes su liang very much !!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!! !!! if su liang asks him to jump he’ll do it and then ask su liang how high and do it again !!!!





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 21


To some extent, Lu Taipan’s judgment, as always, is extraordinarily accurate and efficient.

Using this most primitive way to release pheromones did quickly improve Su Liang’s condition. opEHhS

Naturally, at the very beginning, Su Liang did struggle hard, but with the pheromone release, Su Liang slowly relaxed.

He let out a soft, unintelligible whimper, but the sound hardly sounded full of pain. At the same time as his body temperature was dropping, a pink flush crept up his cheeks. He was still comatose, but all test data showed that he was out of danger.



Chrysanthemum Garden.

“Cough, my master, you can now let go of young master Su Liang.”

After an unknown amount of time, Lu Taipan heard Steward’s reminder. rTjo9f

Strangely, the medical robot was clearly beside him, but the synthesized electronic sound sounded a little distant.



“Young master Su Liang isn’t a real omega, he just fell into a fake estrus because of the drug. Unfortunately, he will never be like a real omega. He will never be able to reciprocate an alpha’s pheromone release like a real omega.”

The faint, fruity scent seemed to be spreading upwards along his teeth.

Since his differentiation, his spiritual sea that had been burning and boiling all the time save ushered in the coolest breeze and have stabilized.

7erZR6

More relaxing than drinking a glass of wine.

More satisfying than tasting a delicacy.

“According to the data, 70% of alphas have answered in the questionnaire that the happiness brought on by bonding with their favorite omega pheromones is even better than some special sports. That, my dear master, are you alright?”



Lu Taipan had already stood up steadily from the medical cabin. C734Kz

Facing Steward’s question, the man did not respond immediately.

His breathing was much faster than usual, and his body temperature had exceeded the usual records. Those eyes that reminded others of a cold-blooded animal were now dark and deep. His pupils were dilated, and his iris had turned into a thin ring of gold.

In any case, Lu Taipan’s circumstances were off. The man who was restrained by steel alloy cabled and shackled until his jaws were the only thing able to move, still had a horrifying aura on his body.

This made Steward involuntarily raise the overall alert level of the Snake Den again. nqZMJl

If an AI could be nervous, then currently Steward would be so nervous to the point of crashing just by looking at Lu Taipan’s eyes.

But as always, even when everyone thought that Lu Taipan would get out of control, Lu Taipan was still the cold, always strong master of the Snake Den.

“I’m very good.”

Finally, Lu Taipan spoke slowly. ycU8 4

His voice was hoarse.

Then he blinked, his eyes returning to normal.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Although Lu Taipan still has an unspeakable sense of danger when observed closely, on the surface, it seemed that he had returned to his usual state.

Lu Taipan raised his hand, pressing on the medical cabin. The glass cover closed instantly, covering the calmed teenager inside. Nhl6Aq

Whether it was the pungent pseudo-pheromones or the fresh and fruity scent that seemed to exist only in Lu Taipan’s imagination, they were completely isolated by the airtight medical cabin and could no longer spread.





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Lu Taipan glanced at Su Liang’s peaceful, sleeping face then turned around step by step, walking away from the medical cabin.

Yc atf batfg rlvf bo atf gbbw, atf rerqfcvfv jgwr jrrlrafv atf wfvlmji gbyba ab gflcrfga atf qgfnlberis raglqqfv lctlylabgr jcv cfegji mbcagbi jufca wbveifr yjmx lcab Oe Kjlqjc’r ybvs.

Ktf rfnfgf qjlc mjerfv ys atf gflcrfgalbc bo atf wbveifr wjvf atf Vcjxf Gfc’r wjrafg uglwjmf. GLDKpY

Dea la kjr atlr xlcv bo qjlc atja rffwfv ab mgert fnfc atf cfgnfr, ktlmt gfilfnfv rbwf bo atf agjcmf jcv tlut ofnfg mjerfv ys atf olgra qtfgbwbcf gfifjrf. Pc atlr gfujgv, Oe Kjlqjc vlv cba offi jcs gfrlrajcmf.

After a few hours, he was finally back to normal.

When he came by the medical cabin again, the pheromones belonging to him had been completely diluted by the purification device. The cold, empty hall was as bright and as pale as ever, and the fruity aroma and heat treatment a few hours ago seemed to have never existed.

However Lu Taipan knew very well that something…. seemed to have changed. MsgbWG

At this moment, Su Liang was still sleeping quietly in the medical cabin. Under the highest intensity treatment, the bruises on the corners of the boy’s mouth became less prominent, and the scratches on his body had long been healed. At this time, his face was ruddy, and he was sleeping peacefully.

That carefree and sweet look made Lu Taipan feel an indescribable, strange feeling in his chest.

Such a fragile person, it seems that when you let your guard down when looking after them, they could be scarred and become weak to death.

In the years when he completely ignored him, how did such a small thing survive in a place like the Lu family? eLTyfr

He couldn’t help but think so.

“Will he relapse?”

Feeling Steward’s shadow appearing beside him, Lu Taipan asked blankly.

Steward had returned to his original automata shell, recorded the image of Lu Taipan quietly staring at Su Liang for data comparison, and then replied. “It is still difficult for us to determine, since the ingredients of the drug are still being analyzed. But we are certain that young master Su Liang will never be in mortal danger.” nASUu

“Then why is he still in the treatment cabin?”

Lu Taipan asked, without noticing that he seemed to care much about Su Liang.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“Because I’m doing an in-depth analysis of his physical data.” While he was saying this, a virtual screen suddenly appeared beside Steward, showing Su Liang and Lu Taipan’s detailed data during the previous period. “Young master Su Liang’s body seemed to be very special. Although his indicators are currently similar to ordinary people, erm, of course, he has a rare disease called pheromone dysplasia, but he’s basically not much different from ordinary beta. However, he is perfectly attuned to your mental powers. Until now, I had assumed that he was able to do so because of the sluggish perception caused by the low pheromone overflow value. However, the pheromone release treatment you performed on him earlier had changed my thoughts.”

A sharp red light flashed in Steward’s electronic eyes. Ud8p4S

“He can still perfectly adapt to your pheromones under the high sensitivity and excitement. This is definitely not because of the low perception, but because he has a very high affinity for you. I made a deduction based on the previous data. If young master Su Liang is an omega, the compatibility between the two of you is likely to exceed 95%. That would be a very staggering number.”

Speaking up to this point, Steward suddenly let out a helpless sigh, like a real human being.

“Unfortunately, he is a beta.”

“So what?” Lu Taipan snorted coldly when he heard Steward’s lament. Somehow, he didn’t like Steward’s attitude this time. “Do not forget, for me, no matter if they are beta, omega, or even alpha, it doesn’t matter.” IWgvZz

“A high compatibility degree is meaningful for you, my dear master.” Steward was completely unaware that his master’s routine comments were actually abnormal, since it was immersed in the freshly released data. “Your physical stats are not very good today, you’ve also uninstalled the isolation device and inhibitor modules, and the repeated injection of medicine can also be a burden for you. In this scenario, the place where you ought to be right now is the calming pool, but you are standing here.”

Steward looked straight at Lu Taipan.

“–After having such close contact with young master Su Liang, your mental stability is actually perfect. We can probably infer that this has something to do with young master Su Liang’s compatibility with you.”

“Oh?” 6MWAx3

“I strongly recommend that you keep Su Liang in the snake den. It would be best to keep him by your side, believe me, there is a high probability that this will improve your sorry physical condition. In addition, I would also like to conduct further research on young master Su Liang in the next period of time. Perhaps his existence can save your life.”

“I don’t need anyone to save-”

Just as Lu Taipan spoke, Steward interrupted him.

“Since you came back from the Xingchuan University library, your indicators have gone awry. Master, your pheromone secretion has shown an increase as of late, and various body functions are also becoming active… you’re gradually entering the hard times that traditionally, every alpha has to endure, the rut period. You see, you’re even responding to that botched pheromone weapon, which is pretty telling.” E1kmx

Steward mercilessly pointed out Lu Taipan’s previous aberrations.

And when the words “rut period” came out of Steward’s mouth, Lu Taipan’s eyes became cold.

Steward seemed to have not explained much, but Lu Taipan knew better than anyone what the arrival of his “rut period” meant to him.

Of course, for ordinary alphas, their rut period is an inevitable period in their life. dfhQJO

Have a crush on an omega.

Produce bodily response.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Secrete excessive amounts of pheromones.

Their temperament will become irritable, aggressive, violent… they will become no different from the animals of thousands of years ago, because their pheromones will turn the alphas who entered their rut periods into primitive beasts who are fighting to mate. I6dYHg

Even ordinary alphas can become quite dangerous at this stage, and some even had to take special measures to keep themselves from engaging in trouble.

Lu Taipan was the only double S-ranked alpha in the entire history of the federation.

The last thing he needs in life to make matters worse is to be violent and irritable. Because since the day of his differentiation, he has been fighting against the primal nature of madness, tyranny and brutality within him.

“Thankfully, you’re not out of control at the moment.” DB3amK

Steward observed Lu Taipan.

The man’s face always lacked expression, but the slightly tensed cheeks and cold eyes allowed Steward to easily judge the other person’s current mood.

Hmm, it looks really bad.

“I think young master Su Liang will also be very happy, he has always admired you-” CbXHUW

“That’s just a lie told to fool those idiots.” Lu Taipan spoke coldly. “Don’t forget, you were the one who showed me the video of him admitting this.”

“Uh, this….”

“No more.”

Lu Taipan waved his hand, indicating that Steward’s persuasion would end. WQFszt

“Su Liang is just a bystander who has no ability to protect himself. It will not do him any good to be too involved with someone like me.” Lu Taipan spoke calmly. “You just need to determine Su Liang’s physical condition as soon as possible. If… if he still needs pheromones to neutralize the remnants of the drugs in his body, then take treatment measures as soon as possible.”

Having said this, Lu Taipan paused, thought for a while, and continued. “After confirming that he is fully recovered, send him to the Lunar base. I remember that the Snake den has prepared several other holiday estates there.”

“Wait, the Lunar base?” Steward stared at the human in front of him in confusion. “I admit that those holiday estates are very comfortable, but why the moon?! I think young master Su Liang probably won’t feel happy about this. The moon is too far away from the earth. Sending him to that kind of place will only make him resist you. Oh, by the way, he doesn’t know that the kind big brother and the well-meaning inspector is you. Since there is no emotional foundation, your behavior will only disgust him.”

Hearing the words “kind big brother” and “well-meaning inspector”, Lu Taipan raised his eyebrows. Pd4E2X

But he didn’t do anything drastic about the brave AI.

“There is nothing good in the Lu family’s mansion.” Lu Taipan said emotionlessly. “Such a weak human being, if you send him back, he’ll just die.”

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Lu Taipan started walking towards the door.

“He needs to be in a safer place.” 5gU9ei

“According to this principle, wouldn’t it be better to let him stay by your side? After all, in the entire Earth Federation and in the Milky Way, I don’t think anyone could hurt those around you.” Steward obviously still did not give up on his line of persuasion. As an AI, it also has its own inclinations.

For example, whether it was his database or a chaotic algorithm (humans usually call this thing “intuition”), Steward felt that it was better for Su Liang to stay by Lu Taipan’s side.

“Yes.” Lu Taipan responded suddenly. He turned his head and met Steward’s line of sight. Then, he pointed to his muzzle and the restraining devices hidden all over his body.

He bared his teeth behind the muzzle. lT6g U

“Don’t forget. I’m about to enter my rut period – about to become crazy.”

Innocent.

Fragile.

People who can easily get hurt or even die are better off staying in the safest place. PtdeLr

These words flashed through Lu Taipan’s mind, without saying a word.



* * *



After a long time, Steward came to Lu Taipan’s side.

“You seem to like young master Su Liang a lot.” The AI carefully observed the human in front of him with electronic eyes. “I have never seen such delicate feelings in you.”

Lu Taipan paused. WpFLb3

“Stray cats who are adopted by humans, even if they don’t like them, will be well accommodated and will never be left to die miserable in a pack of wild dogs.”

The man said thoughtlessly.

He seemed to be explaining, but also seemed to be self-talk.

Steward sighed. DMJmdw

“The way you humans think is really bizarre…”

It made such a sigh in confusion.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com



* * *



tln:

yayyyyy are the cliffhangers done? i think it’s done, hehehehe. speaking of which, i may get more and more busy for the next few months cuz of uni assignments -3- i’ll still try to update like twice a week, but if i only update once a week that means my assignments have finally devoured me _(:3」∠)_ De96EZ

should i give a little teaser? but the teaser isn’t for another 30 or so chapters….





Translator's Note

i dont care whether if you are omega, a beta, or an alpha. no matter what you are, i’ll still love you. i want to court you with the intentions of getting married. i want to spend the rest of my life with you





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 22


After a few days –

“Jie, don’t cry, I really don’t mind, don’t be so nervous!” yb4DNZ

In the small building where Su Nuan and her husband was working hard, Su Liang’s helpless voice came out of the communicator.

The young beta’s ruddy face was clearly displayed as on the floating screen in the living room. He was helplessly staring at his sister across the screen. Without looking at the drip on his wrist, it’s hard to tell that he’s still undergoing follow-up treatment for that incident.



Chrysanthemum Garden.

“How dare you say I’m nervous, can I not be nervous?!”

With tears in her eyes as she looked at her brother on the screen, all the worries that had accumulated in her heart since Su Liang entered the Snake Den burst out instantly. OKRPqo

“You’ve only been there for a few days, and the moment you contact me, you look like a ghost. You going to that kind of place… wuwu, I shouldn’t have let you go in the first place. You’ll only be satisfied if you make me anxious!”



To have suddenly received a call from Su Liang, it would be a lie to say that Su Nuan was unhappy.

After all, according to the normal confidentiality clauses, all those who go to the Snake Den are not allowed to contact the outside world.

However, when Su Nuan turned on the screen, she found that Su Liang was injured.

KwCaeh

Even though Su Liang didn’t seem to be in serious trouble from his complexion, Su Nuan couldn’t help but worry.

“I’m really fine, I just accidentally fell off the machines.” Seeing that his sister was about to cry, how could Su Liang dare to tell the truth. Fortunately, his real wound was on the back of his neck, and was wrapped in a secure and meticulous biological dressing. Otherwise, if Su Nuan saw the bite marks on the back of his neck, she would have forcibly made her way into the Snake Den to hold someone accountable.

“The Snake Den isn’t really as mysterious as people say it is. The people here are very kind to me, and they’re all very good people.” Su Liang said this sentence very sincerely. “Just see, I can even make a call to you. They made an exception for me to ease my nerves. Look, I only suffered a few scratches, this needle is a nutrition needle! They’ve really taken care of me so well! I’m really happy here. By the way, do you want to see the flowers I was raising before? It’s called a Leia plant, which is very precious…”



There was a slight fluctuation on the screen’s image. DZ5fK0

Su Liang’s words also had a momentary pause.

But soon, everything returned to normal.

Neither Su Nuan nor Su Liang paid attention to this minor detail.

But they didn’t know that the communication in the Su family’s living room, after this slight disturbance, actually appeared at the same time in a heavily guarded luxury room somewhere deep in the Lu family’s mansion. tZe5aU

“Xiao Liang’s flowers, of course I want to see them.”

The extremely hoarse, masculine voice responded to the smiling boy on the screen.

[“Jie, everything is so good here. The only downside is that I miss you a lot!”]

The Su Liang on the screen knew nothing, and was still acting spoiled to his sister. rMdGCa

“Really? I miss you too. I really miss you.”

And the man whispered sweetly at him once again.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

A hand rested on the screen, gently and carefully stroking Su Liang’s cheek.

This hand belonged to Lu Zhizhao. R58vVc

As the future star of the Lu family and well-known successor of the next family head, Lu Zhizhao looks a little too haggard now.

Ever since that day, when he broke out of the confinement cell and esca[ed outside only to be caught again, he has been under strict house arrest.

Especially Lu Zhengen, after learning that Lu Zhizhao even hurt Ning Jiayi for Su Liang, his face was twisted and he almost attacked Lu Zhizhao.

After Lu Zhizhao was put under house arrest, Lu Zhengen gave a death order – no one was allowed to disclose any information about Su Liang to Lu Zhizhao. XE6Ui3





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Ktf obgwfg qglvf bo tfjnfc tjr cbk lcrajcais yfmbwf jc lwqglrbcfv wbcxfs.

Oe Itlhtjb vlvc’a xcbk kts tf kjr rb jczlber jcv vfrqfgjaf. Yynlberis tf kjr bcis ecvfg tberf jggfra, jr ibcu jr tf kfca atgbeut atf agfjawfca, bcmf tf kfca bea, tf kbeiv ralii yf atf fivfra sbecu wjrafg bo atf Oe ojwlis.

And Su Liang was only staying in the Snake Den for half a year. Anyways, when he came back, Lu Zhizhao could still find him to apologize and explain everything.

His Su Liang was so soft and gentle, Lu Zhizhao believed that he would forgive him. DvUzHR

He definitely will!

However, no matter how he convinced himself in his heart, Lu Zhizhao still couldn’t control his emotions.

There seemed to be a devil living in his mind, and the devil kept on terrorizing him there – that once he let go, Su Liang might never come back.

It was even possible that he has lost his Su Liang. x5T6K7

After all, when they parted, the gentle, young man looked at him with such indifference.

In extreme anxiety, Lu ZHizhao illegally invaded Su Nuan’s communicator and began to monitor Su Nuan non-stop.

After all, Su Nuan was Su Liang’s only relative. If there is any news from Su Liang, Su Nuan will definitely know!

It was a desperate move. Lu Zhizhao didn’t expect that it would actually succeed. 14yE8N

Su Liang actually contacted Su Nuan from the snake cave!

He stared ravenously at the person in front of him, his agitated soul since they separated finally at peace at this moment.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“Xiao Liang.”

Lu Zhizhao called out Su Liang’s name madly. 7yARxE

“My Xiao Liang…”

In fact, more or less, Lu Zhizhao also vaguely felt that his state was not right.

He clearly received very intense treatment, and the second personality that people called “tyrannical” and “ruthless” before has never appeared again.

But Lu Zhizhao still hasn’t really returned to normal. Kd51Bq

His mood was getting worse day by day, and he was missing Su Liang more and more.

If studied carefully, the thoughts and desires for Su Liang should come from the endless nightmare that seemed to never leave.

Yes, those lingering dreams.

Every night, as long as Lu Zhizhao closed his eyes, he would fall into a deep, desperate dream. VtECF9

The Su Liang within his dreams was just like the one in his memories, very gentle, and loves him very much.

So in the dream, Lu Zhizhao tried his best to persuade the other party to run away with him.

And Su Liang really agreed.

The way Su Liang looked at him within the dream made Lu Zhizhao intoxicated. 2rP1OM

He could feel that deep love, without hesitation nor calculation.

In the dream, after they eloped, their life was really hard. The eldest young master, who had never worked a day in his life, knew the hardships of life for the first time. However, no matter how tired and irritable he was, as long as he came home and saw Su Liang, Lu Zhizhao felt very satisfied, very happy.

He really loved Su Liang very much.

However, nightmares are nightmares, because the endings of these dreams were always hopeless and painful. 6f SQu

He dreamed that Su Liang finally died.

He could never remember why he was separated from Su Liang, and why he was not by his side when Su Liang died.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

In that twisted and terrifying dream, the only vivid thing was Su Liang’s pale, lifeless corpse.

He was clearly a young man who laughed like a breeze, but in that simple coffin, he looked so thin, so scrawny, and so tired. v1n6rM

Lu Zhizhao was so heartbroken that he couldn’t breathe.

His body seemed to have been torn apart, so was his soul.

Each of those inferior people who claimed to be Su Liang’s friends had distorted and disgusting faces. Lu Zhizhao even thought that maybe they had hurt Su Liang, and that they made his most beloved person die so tragically.

In his dream, the funeral was on a gray, rainy day. oXluBR

That group of people even ridiculously tried to bury his Su Liang in such a humble cemetery.

And they even had the gall to denounce him, to mock him.

“Crack.”

Something completely shattered. XxKMQO

Lu Zhizhao heard that empty voice.

Unable to bear it, he rushed into the crowd, forcibly taking Su Liang away.

That was his Su Liang.

His Su Liang shouldn’t have died so miserably, so pitifully. fAihB3

The Devil’s voice was still whispering in Lu Zhizhao’s mind.

What happened after that…

As if nothing had happened. Lu Zhizhao tried hard to change the nightmare’s ending, he wanted to return everything to the way it was before.

He wanted the boy to wake up, to look at him tenderly, to smile lightly, and call out “Ah’Zhao.” SRFEOX

Then he could smile back at him and say, “Xiao Liang, I’m back!”

Lu Zhizhao kept Su Liang in the Lu family’s mansion for a long time. He used the best technology and the best materials in an attempt to wake Su Liang up.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

But it didn’t work…

Su Liang was still there, unmoving, unbreathing, not even a single twitch. idPH9O

[“Please, Xiao Liang, I was wrong, please wake up…”]

[“Xiao Liang, don’t be afraid. I’ve prepared it all, we’ll get married when you wake up, haven’t you always wanted to marry me?”]

[“I’ve come back, Xiao Liang, wake up, I’m back!”]

The him within the dream, seemed to curl up beside the coffin where Su Liang was resting every night, whimpering and crying. 7NahWi

He didn’t know how long it took, but finally one day, it seemed that someone had broken into the last small utopia between him and Su Liang, looking at the corpses and the remaining test subjects and crying out in horror.

But Lu Zhizhao just felt that it was very noisy.

Clearly, it was only a little more time until Su Liang can wake up.

Look, the teenager soaked in the embalming solution is still smiling. Maybe somewhere, he has felt it? lGMROT

He should have known that his Ah’Zhao was back, and was trying to wake him up?

There were always so many people in his nightmare.

So many, many, many people who were trying to take away his Xiao Liang. As a last resort, Lu Zhizhao could only hold Su Liang’s body and continue to fend off those people.

They were all so fragile, so weak, and so easy to kill. nV59xd

Lu Zhizhao started experimenting with those corpses.

Su Liang will wake up.

The Devil, him, the ravings in his dream, all repeated this sentence.

He became more and more sure of it. xj56D1

At the end of the nightmare, Lu Zhizhao saw that he took a huge crystal coffin, escaping all the way to the wildest star field on the edge of the galaxy.

Someone easily shredded the layers of defense he laid, stepping into the deepest part of the laboratory.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

It was a sick and weak man who was extremely thin, looking like he would turn into dust at any moment.

It was hard to imagine that the monster people used to call Lu Taipan, the Snake Lord, would eventually turn into that pathetic appearance. He had the breath of death on him, but probably because of this, Lu Taipan looked more terrifying than ever, like a monster crawling out of the abyss. 9YfBs7

Lu Zhizhao rushed at him, thinking that the sick man in front of him would be as weak as those before, but he did not expect himself to be the one crushed so easily in the end.

[“Truly a disgusting thing.”]

In a trance, he seemed to hear an indifferent mockery from the other person.

Amidst the severe pain and piercing screams, Lu Zhizhao slumped to the ground and could only helplessly look at Lu Taipan, the evil ghost in front of him, as he moved to the coffin step by step. gTsfDV

The man stared silently at the boy in his eyes closed, as if he was remembering something.

And then, he directly smashed the coffin and took Su Liang’s body.

[“Let go of him! Don’t take away Xiao Liang! That’s Xiao Liang!”]

[“Kill me! Can’t you kill me! Let me die with him! Let me die with him!”] DCwLOe

The nightmare finally reached the most terrifying scene.

And every time, Lu Zhizhao could only watch the maddening ending repeat once more.

Lu Taipan embraced the boy’s body and left.

And he, Lu Zhizhao, could only lie on the ground, crying in despair, wanting to pounce but unable to move. 4DZ0M5

Because all of his limbs have been crushed by that monster.





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 23


“Xiao Liang….”

Lu Zhizhao whispered Su Liang’s name, because he could only do this to forget the fear that continuous nightmare brought to him. yD8dsn

However, the boy in the Snake Den knew nothing about Lu Zhizhao’s longing. He was smiling and trying to appease his sister, without hiding his closeness to the Snake Den and Vipers.

“That’s right, they’re really nice people. I don’t think the Snake lord is as scary as what they all say…”



Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

From the other end of the screen came the clear voice of the young man.

Those few words made Lu Zhizhao’s face contort instantly. gsW7NS

“Don’t believe them, Xiao Liang, you have been deceived. How could there be good people in the snake den. They are just a bunch of lunatics, a bunch of murderers!”



Despite knowing that Su Liang could never hear his voice, Lu Zhizhao still growled hoarsely.

Whether it was the influence of the dream, or the constant reminders from his father to him over the years—at this moment, Lu Zhizhao just thought of Lu Taipan, and an uncontrollable sense of malice would arise in his heart.

It didn’t take long for Su Liang’s communication to end.

9DTOlY

The confinement room fell into silence, and in the dead silence, only Lu Zhizhao’s heavy breathing was particularly clear.

And just a few hours later, there was a sudden sound of footsteps outside the confinement room where no one should have appeared. Lu Zhizhao’s eyes lit up, however, with a complex password confirmation and identity confirmation mechanical sound, Lu Zhizhao quickly recognized the person.

It was Ning Jiayi.



Maybe Lu Zhengen felt that letting an Alpha like Lu Zhizhao stay with his Omega for a while would help him “sober up”. After so many days of house arrest, Lu Zhizhao finally attracted visitors, and the only visitor was Ning Jiayi. c0shnq

The omega with a beautiful appearance and sweet scent walked into the room. After seeing Lu Zhizhao, he stood at the door for a while, his face showing a gradually distressed expression.

“Ah’Zhao, how did you become like this?”

Ning Jiayi said sadly.

It is true that Lu Zhizhao looks very beaten up and haggard. He can hardly see the suave, unrestrained appearance of the old young master of the Lu family in the person he saw. N0f9xi

“How did you come?”

After confirming that the person who came was Ning Jiayi, Lu Zhizhao could not hide the trace of disappointment in his eyes, but he still restrained his mood and tried to cheer up to say hello to his childhood sweetheart friend.

“Did my dad ask you to persuade me?”

He said again, as if he could guess what Lu Zhengen said to Ning Jiayi, a sneer appeared on the corner of his mouth. 2gFJCi

“He’s probably saying something else that’s better for me to break up with Su Liang early… It’s really boring. For the sake of our friendship, you’d better not repeat a word to me.”

Ning Jiayi had come to his bed at this time, and glanced at Lu Zhizhao’s wrist and the shackles on his ankle discreetly, and then sat down beside Lu Zhizhao.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“Of course I’m not talking about this, I know better than anyone how much you like Su Liang gege.” Ning Jiayi’s tone was distressed, “But if Su Liang gege is here, if he knew that you’ve become like this for him, he’ll definitely be very sad. In fact, you really don’t have to fight Uncle Lu for him. Both he and I will be very sad. Besides, didn’t Su Liang gege say so? In fact, he has always admired the Snake Lord, you should just wait for him for half a year…”

As soon as Ning Jiayi mentioned Lu Taipan, Lu Zhizhao felt that his temples seemed to be throbbing non-stop. Ugr5E

“Shut up, what do you know?! You don’t even know how Su Liang thinks! He will always wrong himself, always taking care of other people’s thoughts and forget that he is also the one who should be taken care of. I’ve been with him for so long, and I’ve never heard him praise that monster! He must’ve thought of me…” Lu Zhizhao’s voice lowered a little bit, his expression seemed to be smiling but not laughing, like crying but not crying, “Yes, it must be so, he was implicated by me so he was sent to a place like the Snake Den, but he was afraid that I would cause trouble for him, He is still worried about me, so he doesn’t dare to show his unwillingness.”

“Ah? But, I think Su Liang gege, he…”

If Ning Jiayi was not there at the time, he might have believed Lu Zhizhao’s words.

He turned his head and looked at Lu Zhizhao, who was trying to convince himself, and a flash of apathy flashed in his heart. 8CtBeU

If he had a choice, Ning Jiayi really wanted to turn his head and leave.

However, the words that Ning Tangsheng brought to him not long ago seemed to ring in his ears again.

[“We’ve lost contact with those two people we bribed with difficulty.”]

[“At present, we can’t find out whether the monster has traced it to us, but the situation is still very dangerous.”] D2P5yI

[“Ning Jiayi, you’d better quickly establish a relationship with Lu Zhizhao and stabilize the relationship between the Ning family and the Lu family. Otherwise, once the Ning family is over, you will die without a place to be buried. You should be very clear on this.”]

Ning Jiayi shook his lips and resisted the urge to have a cold war.

How can you lose it?

Ning Jiayi felt helpless and hopeless. U8S6 g

Didn’t you say everything was planned? The monster in the Lu family is a lunatic and will kill everyone who comes close to him. Su Liang should have been killed easily, right?

But now, Ning Tangsheng told him that the plan had failed.

Before the worst result comes, his only hope is to tie himself and Lu Zhizhao’s life and death together, because only in this way could he rely on the relationship between the Lu family and the Ning family. So that when Lu Taipan will take his revenge on what they’ve done, their marriage relationship will help control the situation.

To do this, relying on his still-undifferentiated omega body and the so-called “fiancee” title wasn’t enough. dS4iqz

He must act… and sacrifice some things.

“Actually, I have an idea that might help you.”

Chrysanthemum Garden.

Ning Jiayi took a deep breath, and then there was a shy and soft smile on his face.

“Ah’Zhao, won’t you, give me some of your pheromones?” Rc1tXf

“What are you babbling about?!”





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Vegf fcbeut, Oe Itlhtjb lwwfvljafis gfoerfv. Lf ibbxfv ja Rlcu Aljsl rerqlmlberis: “Glvc’a kf ajix jybea la yfobgf? P gfjiis vbc’a offi atja kjs jybea sbe.”

Ktf fzmtjcuf bo qtfgbwbcfr yfakffc jiqtjr jcv bwfujr gfqgfrfcar abb wemt; la kjr atf wbra lcalwjaf jcv qglnjaf yftjnlbg.

Oe Itlhtjb tjv jikjsr gfujgvfv Rlcu Aljsl jr tlr yfra oglfcv, rb tf tjv abiv tlw yfobgf atja cb wjaafg tbk tlr bkc qjgfcar uba abufatfg, tf ralii mbeivc’a obgw atja xlcv bo gfijalbcrtlq klat Rlcu Aljsl. Rg P62

“I know, I’ve always wanted to be your good friend. But you’re still trapped here. If you don’t take any special measures, I don’t think Uncle Lu will let you out at all.” Ning Jiayi concealed the darkness within his eyes, and spoke briskly. “My omega glands aren’t fully mature yet, but I’ve entered the pre-differentiation stage. Ah’Zhao, do you remember that method – releasing a small amount of alpha pheromones towards the omegas who haven’t differentiated yet, making the omega’s pheromone mature in advance.”

“I know, but what does this have to do with me going out?” Lu Zhizhao looked confused. “Didn’t you take your physiology class seriously? It’s very dangerous to use this method to mature and differentiate in advance, and it can cause sequelae-”

“Specific Alpha Pheromone Addiction.”

Ning Jiayi suddenly held Lu Zhizhao’s hand, he looked straight at him, and then spoke these words that almost exclusively appeared only in physiology textbooks. Yf0nv5

Specific Alpha Pheromone Addiction was a major cause of social unrest and high self-harm rate among omegas hundreds of years ago.

Since ancient times, alphas have been much more numerous compared to omegas, hence hundreds of years ago, there was a societal taboo : as Ning Jiayi mentioned, before omegas completely differentiated, an Alpha would forcibly imprison the other and release a small amount of pheromones.

At this time, the immature omega glands have not yet constructed their gland barrier, and the omega that had been catalyzed in advanced with this method will have a morbid thirst and extreme dependence on the alpha that released their pheromone.

This was pheromone addiction. RBg6dk

Omegas will be unable to control their minds and bodies, greedily seeking for the other, and will always desire to absorb more pheromones from the alpha. Once there is no way to regularly take in the alpha’s pheromones, the omegas will have withdrawal reactions : fever, fainting, extreme weight loss, and panic.

This intense addiction would continue until they were completely differentiated.

Of course, the physical symptoms of addiction will gradually fade away alongside the full maturity of the omega glands, but generally speaking, there had been many irreversible tragedies and consequences between alphas and omegas then.

Therefore, after entering a civilized era, in order to protect the rights and interests of Omegas, this kind of behavior has been completely banned – at least, on the surface. jy28Li

“As long as I don’t admit it, no one will find out.”

Ning Jiayi persuaded, word by word.”

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“My body is like that anyway. Anything can happen to me. There are also precedents for atypical pheromone addiction during pre-differentiation due to excessive fits. When I have a reaction, they’ll let you go out with me to stabilize my physical condition. After all, both our families are counting on me to go through the differentiation period, and then be your…”

Ning Jiayi ambiguously skipped the word “partner”. F2SGwA

“Anyways, it’s easier to handle this in the hospital than the confinement room. I’ll cover up for you then, and then you can go to Su Liang gege.”

Lu Zhizhao, who had originally planned to reject Ning Jiayi, was relieved when he heard Ning Jiayi’s last words.

Go to Su Liang.

It was so tempting to him that it even made him start shaking. 6TaiBP

“Pheromone addiction is very dangerous and difficult for omegas. Your body isn’t well, it’s too risky for this.”

He said hesitantly.

Ning Jiayi was silent. And after a moment, he smiled thoughtfully and gently. “It’s just for a while, it won’t be a big problem. There are also mature withdrawal drugs that can temporarily suppress that kind of morbid dependence. Besides, worst case scenario, I believe you won’t leave me alone, right, Ah’Zhao.”

He could clearly see that with his persuasion, the shaky expression on Lu Zhizhao’s face became more and more intense. CdJd1o

And Ning Jiayi’s heart became more and more bitter.

There were so-called withdrawal drugs of course, but those were only useful for alphas and omegas with ordinary compatibility. For someone like him who reached 90 with Lu Zhizhao, once he develops this addiction, his reaction will be extremely strong.

Not to mention his information glands…

Ning Jiayi couldn’t help but gently touch his information gland. V13uBe

“No, or you can just pretend to have a pheromone addiction! But it’s still too weird to release pheromones to you.”

Lu Zhizhao was still refusing.

“There is no way to fake physical data.”

Ning Jiayi lowered his eyes, covered the fear within them, and spoke bitterly. ebm0QW

In fact, he didn’t want to let himself fall into that kind of situation at all.

However…

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

Once he thought about Ning Tangsheng’s words, the huge panic still forced him to use this method to bind Lu Zhizhao.

As he said, once he became addicted to pheromones, Lu Zhizhao would not be able to ignore him. o4IMrY

And at that time, even if he still wanted to be Ning Jiayi’s “good friend”, some people would try to make him unable to be.

Lu Zhizhao was destined to be Ning Jiayi’s exclusive Alpha.

Everyone in the know knows that Lu Taipan, the monster of the Lu family, will not live for long. In the end, the only one who can take charge of the Lu family is Lu Zhizhao. The only thing he needs to do is to endure until that time.

Thinking of this, Ning Jiayi ignored Lu Zhizhao’s weak resistance. QAd7FH

The slender Omega suddenly pressed against Lu Zhizhao, then he unbuttoned his collar, revealing the back of his neck to the man.

“Ah’Zhao, you just need to lighten up a bit.”

A soft, pitiful voice.

Sweet, with a strong alluring pheromone scent. aA3rnQ

And… Su Liang.

After he goes out, he can go to find Su Liang.

He can explain everything to Su Liang.

Just like in his dream, can he elope with Su Liang? HqIGn3

Lu Zhizhao is very sure that he will never let those things in the nightmare happen to Su Liang, he will protect Su Liang, he will love Su Liang, and the two of them will grow old together forever and never be separated.

Lu Zhizhao was breathing rapidly, his cheeks flushed slightly.

“Then I’ll apologize to you, Ah’Ning. Thank you very much.”

He said in a low voice. eUFbd2

Then, he lowered his head and bit the boy in his arms forcefully.

I’m sorry, Xiao Liang.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

At the same time, Lu Zhizhao kept whispering in his heart.

This is not betrayal. rJV0xY

He thought.

It’s just… to be able to see Xiao Liang as soon as possible.

This is for a longer and happier future.



* * *



At the same time, in the inner courtyard of the Snake Den. CT8oOY

“Hu…”

Su Liang hung up the phone, shivering inexplicably.

“Young Master Su Liang, are there any discomfort?”

It was only a slight tremor, but the androids around him immediately noticed it. yjsd4I

Steward asked about Su Liang’s physical condition with such concern that it made him a little embarrassed.

“I’m fine. Maybe someone is talking about me.” He said, then thought about it, couldn’t help but mutter with a bitter face. “I just hope that the person who scolded me wasn’t my sister – I thought she was being gentle with me in the call, but she taught me a lesson in the end.”

Su Liang was just complaining about Su Nuan’s nagging on the surface, but anyone could clearly see the affection he held for her.

“I’m glad to see you so happy. Like I’ve deduced before, the connection with loved ones can effectively relieve the tension and fear of being attacked, and help to relax your mind.” Steward spoke, having brought Su Liang to contact Su Nuan. “And a relaxed state of mind is good for healing injuries.” sIfxBX

Injury…

Thinking of the attack a few days ago, Su Liang couldn’t help but rub the back of his neck.

“Please do not touch your wound. It will irritate your information glands.”

Steward immediately reminded him when it saw his actions. EV cQI

“Alpha pheromones are slightly toxic, which is a behavior similar to marking, and it is precisely because of this that the wound caused by initial release takes time to heal.” The android seriously pointed at the beta in front of it and said. “By the way, I will be conducting a medical examination on you later to determine your physical condition.”

“Oh, Okay. Sorry to bother you.”

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Listening to Steward casually talking about “information glands”, “marking”, and “release”, even the beta Su Liang felt heat on his face.

He naturally still remembered the attack he was under in the Snake Den, and he was well aware that he had been injected with some kind of medicine. ZfBsU

Then, under the drug’s influence, he produced some… well, changed that were not very easy to describe.

His information glands were as swollen as an omega’s, and his body could even emit artificial pheromones like an omega.

The worst thing is that the only way to relieve this symptom, that only appears in xxoo novels is to take in an alpha’s pheromones?!

Su Liang was very fortunate that he was unconscious at that time. RN10sJ

Otherwise….

Well, he couldn’t even imagine the “otherwise” scene.

All in all, shameful.

Very shameful. 95mnsh

After waking up from the coma and being told everything by Steward, Su Liang had to lay on the bed for a long time, unable to calm down.

In addition to being embarrassed in the conventional sense, the more secret reason was… following Steward’s explanation, some images that made his ears smoke after thinking about it dimly appeared in his mind.

He could vaguely remember what happened before, although he had no memory of what happened next. But he knew that he must have been rescued by someone, and Su Liang could still remember that absurd, strong and indescribable feeling.

For example, now, he and Steward just chatted last night. dh5eUV

Su Liang’s rationality has convinced himself: this is normal, everything is just a pure therapeutic behavior.

But his body didn’t obey him at all – as if there was an electric current running through his back, his heart beat faster, and the skin on the back of his neck began to tighten.

It was as if someone was still pressing their teeth against the area on the back of his neck.

In the vague memory, a cold, sharp, strong aura like an ice storm that could destroy everything lingered around him. The chaotic consciousness could not give the figure a specific form, but his soul firmly remembered the feelings the other party’s pheromone brought him. Re6L4w

He felt like a poor prey being entangled by a damp python and being slowly devoured by it.

But at the same time, he also felt like some kind of precious treasure that was trapped under the body by a cold-blooded and brutal dragon.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

Under the raging icy storm, something had a damp and obscure fragrance, like the whispers of a demon, constantly tempting him to stick to that person.

“I, I think that I should thank that alpha. I’m really grateful he saved me at that time…” BYxntK

Su Liang forced himself to return to reality back from his memories.

He took a deep breath, then fought back his shyness and said the words that had been haunting his mind these days.

Regardless of the cause and effect, the Alpha who saved him did sacrifice some things.

Su Liang knew very well that things like releasing pheromones meant intimacy for Alpha, but he was not an Omega at all, but a Beta. isDglU

Unless it is a special sexual orientation, no Alpha would be willing to accept this kind of thing.

He was very shy and very sorry at the same time.

After Steward heard Su Liang’s words, his electronic eyes flickered slightly.

After Su Liang woke up, he followed Lu Taipan’s instructions and did not tell the other party the complete truth of the matter. 6407hr

Well, in Lu Taipan’s words, its…

[“There’s no need for him to be so frightened.”]

Therefore, Steward just told Su Liang lightly that it was a kind-hearted Alpha who contributed his own pheromone to neutralize his drug reaction.

“Ah, I think it’s alright, Young Master Su Liang, you don’t have to feel guilty about this. The Alpha who saved you has a very lofty ambition and a particularly righteous character. I can use my database to assure you that he’s glad his pheromone can help you.” gSXjnJ

The android spoke hardly.

Su Liang blinked and relaxed a little because of the housekeeper’s words.

Then he thought for a while, and suddenly couldn’t help but chuckle.

“What are you laughing at?” Fj PWq

Steward asked.

Su Liang was stunned for a moment, only to realize that he had actually laughed aloud. “I laughed because, before I came here I actually heard a lot of terrible rumors. If it was the me that time, I would’ve felt that it was a fantasy when I heard someone say that the people in the Snake den had lofty aspirations and integrity.”

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“However, after I came, I found out that everyone here is actually very good.”

That stinky young man who saved himself many years ago. eGz5x7

In the automatic communication system, a kind inspector who actively checks information for himself and responds to questions.

There is also the kind Alpha who has an honest character and sacrificed himself to release pheromones to help him neutralize the toxicity of drugs.

“I’m very glad to have met them.”

Hearing Su Liang’s whispers, Steward fell into a strange silence. mby6BS

After a while, it started to change the subject.

“Ah, yes, medical examination!”

It rose its sound.

“All of your indicators have returned to normal, but the wound on the neck has not been checked for the swelling of the information glands. It should be able to be carefully explored today. Generally speaking, as long as your information glands are swollen, it means that that disgusting medicine has been completely metabolized, and you are completely back to normal…” 78IdFS

While chattering about the inspection rules, Steward controlled the medical machine to reach the back of Su Liang’s neck.

At first, everything seemed smooth and stable, until the examination map of the information glands on the back of Su Liang’s neck appeared in the Steward’s database.

Things got a little tricky.

Steward thought. HL8569

As a patient with dysplasia of information glands, at this moment Su Liang, his information glands are not showing swelling caused by drugs.

It was more like…

Development?



* * *



The author has something to say: ICxPhF

Su Liang: Wow, the people I meet are all so kind. Naive.jpg

(Steward: pu—-)

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

tln:

sorry for the abrupt disappearance, i got busy irl _(:’3/ sorry to disappoint but i actually do have a life off the internet…. Lzh0Xp





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 24


“Sorry, I just want to reaffirm. You mean… my information glands, they’re developing?”

After tossing around for several hours, Su Liang sat in the ward and asked Steward in front of him in a dazed way. ANnetJ

“From the current situation, you can also understand what’s going on.” Steward said. “For some reasons yet unknown to us, your body reacted very strongly to the inducing ingredients in the drugs. You also happened to be attacked on the back of the neck, and the subsequent treatment…. A combination of several reasons did stimulate your information glands and caused them to start re-developing.”

“Is that so…”



Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Su Liang murmured with a dazed expression.

His injured nape was still slightly swollen. ySFPdW

But after being told that his information glands had started to redevelop, that feeling became one of wonder. Su Liang never imagined that such a thing would happen to him one day.



For the vast majority of the world, pheromone dysplasia was actually a pretty bad disability.

In his last life, Su Liang accepted his physical disability on the surface, but he still had a trace of unwillingness deep within him. Now that he thought about it, it was probably this unwillingness that made him make such a bold decision: to fall in love with an elite alpha like Lu Zhizhao and elope with him.

But in the end, his ending had completely enlightened Su Liang.

VyMReg

No resentment, no anger, and no more unwillingness.

When he had the chance to redo it all over again, he had completely accepted his own body and made detailed plans for the future.

But now, his life seemed to have taken a completely unexpected turn.



“If my glands could really develop, what gender would I be?” g qQ6v

The more Su Liang thought about it, the more ugly his face became. He took a deep breath and asked.

Steward’s electronic eyes flickered for a moment, and made a deduction based on data.

“Unsurprisingly, you will eventually become a beta, young master Su Liang.”

When normal people differentiate into omegas and alphas, in addition to the development of information glands, the body will also undergo great changes. 0FusIx

In order to produce offspring, a gestational sac will grow in a male omega’s body. As for alphas, they invariably grow tall, strong, and grow marking teeth that can stick out freely.

…. Su Liang, who has passed the growth stage, has fully developed his body. According to the current situation, he will undoubtedly differentiate into a beta.

Hearing Steward’s reply, Su Liang let out a long sigh of relief, his entire person relaxing in an instant.

“You will become healthier in the future. After all, after your pheromones have fully developed, it can resist many pheromone intrusions.” Steward comforted Su Liang gently. “Other than that, your life will not change much.” pdJ9rU

“Thank goodness.” Su Liang muttered, “Then when can I go back to work?”

“Huh? You want to go back to work?”

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Steward seemed shocked.

“You are obviously human, why would you want to go back to work?” 1zVsMN

“Eh…”

Su Liang has to admit, the medical center in the inner courtyard of the Snake Den was comparable to the VIP ward of the most luxurious and elite hospital in the Central Star District. Even a much-beloved omega like Ning Jiayi wouldn’t have such good conditions in the Lu family’s private hospital.

However, probably due to Lu Taipan, the Snake Den’s master’s pheromone disorder, the heavily guarded inner courtyard was a little too deserted.

For so long, Su Liang hadn’t even seen other living people. Every day, he could only watch a group of robots in a daze, and the only person he could communicate with was the android housekeeper. yrWgVC

Even Su Liang, who didn’t like the liveliness very much, felt that it was a bit difficult to stay in the medical center.

And also……

“I’m a little worried about the garden I’m taking care of.” Su Liang frowned and said softly.

His job at Snake Cave is to take care of a garden with Leia plants, alien plants that cannot adapt to machinery and must be looked after by living humans to thrive. Before leaving, Su Liang had observed that a few Leia plants had grown buds under his care… He didn’t want to see another yard of weeds when he went back because of his injury. tl8Txv

“Your passion for work is inspiring.”

Steward said dryly.

“However, unfortunately, you may not be able to return to work immediately.” Steward added, “you will need to stay in the inner courtyard for a while. In any case, undergoing the redevelopment of the pheromones in adulthood is still a big test for your body. You may experience muscle pain, hormonal imbalance, mental instability, mood swings, dizziness, headaches, etc. question. You will need intensive medical support throughout the development of the pheromone, and the inner hospital has the best medical resources. For your health, you need to stay here and observe for a period of time until your pheromone is fully developed. ”

As for why Su Liang stayed in the inner courtyard, the reasons given by Steward were very legitimate. zW45YI

Although the real reason is not that at all.

A few hours ago—

“Information glands re-developed?”

After leaning about Su Liang’s latest physical condition from Steward, Lu Taipan’s face gradually became solemn. dUvtA9

In his hand, there was a confession sent by the Vipers: In order to prevent the marriage between Lu Zhizhao and Ning Jiayi from being affected, the Ning family decided to eliminate Su Liang, the hidden danger. If they used ordinary means to kill Su Liang, it may be too obvious, and would be easy to make Lu Zhizhao suspicious of the Ning family, so they used such a bold method to make Lu Taipan do the deed.

To deal with such minor characters like Lu He and the Ning’s valet, the Vipers didn’t need to exert a lot of effort before the two of them spilled everything they knew.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


This kind of low-level and vicious petty actions would not have caused Lu Taipan to feel anything.

Dea qgbyjyis yfmjerf tlr gea qfglbv kjr mbwlcu, Oe Kjlqjc gfjilrfv atja tf ofia j ragjcuf, jiwbra “jcufg”-ilxf fwbalbc lc tlr tfjga yfmjerf bo atlr lcmlvfca. 9YFiJ

Pa kjr ja atlr alwf atja Vafkjgv abiv tlw atja Ve Oljcu tjv rajgafv ab gfvfnfibq tlr lcobgwjalbc uijcvr yfmjerf bo atf qgfnlber vgeur.

“…. Considering Young Master Su Liang’s condition, I strongly disapprove of your previous decision. With his current physical condition, the environment of the moon will put too much burden on his body.”

While Steward was rambling, Lu Taipan opened another related document expressionlessly.

It was not important news, just routine data reports. V3pomg

However at this time, after reading the report, Lu Taipan’s brows furrowed tightly.

“Then let Su Liang stay in the Snake Cave.” Lu Taipan suddenly interrupted Steward’s persuasion, “Find a place with sufficient safety distance and defense facilities.”

After a brief pause, he added: “It would be better to have a garden.”

That little guy seems to like the garden… X5YQGz

“Order received, and it has been executed.” The AI showed quite obvious doubts. “By the way, the physical data I have observed showed that this decision was sudden and abrupt. This is not in like with your usual decision-making habits. Did you discover any major hidden danger?”

Lu Taipan ignored Steward’s inquiry.

He just unconsciously tapped the desktop with his fingertips and closed the previous document.

The intelligence on that document was unusually ordinary: Lu Zhizhao had previously eavesdropped on Su Liang’s communications from the Snake Den. npmQ0F

In addition, there were some routine background investigations, which described the ambiguous interaction between Lu Zhizhao and Su Liang both in detail and objectively.

Lu Zhizhao undoubtedly likes Su Liang.

And Su Liang…Although the intelligence shows that Su Liang seems to have a conflict with Lu Zhizhao because of something, but judging from his previous behaviors, he also likes Lu Zhizhao.

The relationship between the two of them was so obvious that even the Ning family would not hesitate to bribe someone to get rid of Su Liang in the “Snake Den”. CMv0RX

Thinking of his nominal nephew, Lu Taipan looked cold.

Lu Taipan was actually not too impressed with the S-level Alpha who was recommended by the entire Lu family and considered his successor. But this did not prevent him from accurately judging what kind of person the other party was from the information he collected.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

He was not a vicious villain, but for a too simple and innocent boy like Su Liang, he was definitely not a good person.

It could be said that the more Lu Zhizhao wanted to pursue Su liang, the more embarrassing and dangerous Su liang’s situation will be. That is to say, the beta who has not been deeply involved in the world wouldn’t be able to see the truth at all, so as the intelligence said, he was very close to and even attracts troubles like Lu Zhizhao. 3jsXuT

This kind of ignorant little thing, he was afraid that it wouldn’t be long before he was coaxed into dizziness by some people’s rhetoric and pushed into the abyss if he leaves it outside.

Out of some emotion that can be called “responsibility” for the time being, Lu Taipan felt that he had to take care of the young man named Su Liang so that he would not be deceived too badly.

At least, until he finds a suitable place to place Su Liang, it would be better for him to stay in a safer place.

Lu Taipan thought with a headache. 0DaPkS

For the first time in his life, the Snake Den’s master felt “worry”.

Following Lu Taipan’s instructions, the housekeeper found a suitable residence for Su Liang in the corner of the inner courtyard.

An exquisite small villa, which is at a certain distance from Lu Taipan’s daily residence. It is equipped with a complete defense device, which is safe and comfortable.

By the way, there was also a small garden outside the window. MB0ZWr

Everything here is perfect. The only drawback may be that, according to the rotten family rules of the Lu family, this exquisite and comfortable small villa that looked at odds with the entire snake den is the residence of the Snake Lord’s partner.

Even those overly solid defenses came from this: Snake Lords throughout history have been recorded to have had rather bad habits, and they had an extremely exuberant, even morbid, monopoly and craving for their mates.

Such uncontrolled demands can sometimes overwhelm hapless Snake Lords.

And this villa is their place of respite. Once the defense is turned on, even the clingy and strong Alphas can only stand outside in despair, waiting pitifully for their wives to calm down. RMc07f

Over time, it has been tacitly assumed that only the partner marked by the Snake Lord can live here.

Of course, with the passage of time and the special physical condition of the current Snake Lord, Lu Taipan, this small villa in the snake cave has been vacant for a long time. It is only here that can perfectly meet Lu Taipan’s requirements.

Steward had reminded Lu Taipan of the default meaning of this small villa when determining the location, but Lu Taipan really wouldn’t care about these outdated rules.

….. Su Liang moved in without knowing anything. d4A8Nv

In fact, Su Liang had very little luggage, but when he moved into the new house in the inner courtyard, it still caused some commotion.

Of course, this commotion refers to the commotion within the “snake pack”.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

For Su Liang, what he experienced was that when he was moving things, he occasionally saw some black figures passing by outside the small courtyard.

Black combat uniforms, capable skills, fierce temperament… xy1iV8

Those figured undoubtedly belong to the Viper Soldiers.

“Don’t worry about those people.” The smile on Steward’s face remain unchanged, and he explained indifferently. “This is the Snake Den’s inner courtyard, and new people have suddenly arrived. Of course those Vipers will come to see. You should be able to see them often, since they often pass here on patrol.”

“Ah… oh, okay.”

Only then did Su Liang feel relieved. CB0uJR

But he would never know how intense the communication within Vipers was under the surface calm.

[Were my eyes wrong? Someone is in the inner courtyard?]

[Super pretty little beauty, I specially took a peek.]

[Fuck me, fuck me, why did a little beauty suddenly appear in the inner courtyard??] vjbHPt

[It’s not what I thought it was..]

[My old tears are flowing, is our boss finally getting rid of the single dog title?? Is he finally leading us out of the divorce?!!!]

[Moved wuwuwu, boss isn’t easy!]

[It’s a beta, confirmed.] ULiz84

[How is this possible? Such a beauty is a beta?]

[Beta is also okay, it’s not like there wasn’t a beta who became the Snake Lord’s companion.]

[Yeah, such a beautiful beauty, let alone Beta, even if it is Alpha, our boss has earned it. ]

[Sad report, the little beauty isn’t the Snake Lord’s partner.] Bi1fCr

[Internal information has been confirmed.]

[The boss’s heart is still like water, and they say that he is allowed to stay here for protection.]

Chrysanthemum Garden.

[The reliability of the above information has been confirmed. ]

[Damn, boss can’t do it? ] uBI dN

[Boss can’t do it…]

[Actually, strictly speaking, the boss really doesn’t seem to be able to. ]

Steward silently took his attention back from the internal chatroom, and prayed for the Vipers that Lu Taipan would never find the records of this chatroom.

Su Liang didn’t have many things, and the villa dedicated to the Snake Lord’s partner was really comfortable, so there was no need to add too many things at all. 0Mcd4z

But even so, after the simple arrangement, Su Liang’s face was already slightly tired.

He rubbed the back of his neck, and the sour numbness made him shiver involuntarily.

“Young Master Su Liang, you need to have a good rest.”

Steward said with concern. TdN7zt

“Um… okay. I will. It’s like what you said. I’m very tired now.”

Su Liang yawned and said with a wry smile.

Seeing this situation, Steward said a few words before leaving, so that Su Liang could rest more relaxed.

Watching the android leave, Su Liang sighed. dUoVSy

The exhaustion was like a tide, and the pain in the back of his neck made him a little dizzy.

However, the unfamiliar environment around him and the emptiness and silence around him made his nerves tense unconsciously.

After lying on the bed for a while, Su Liang became more tired, yet unable to sleep.

In the end he could only yawn and get up from the bed again. dRx9Ec

He put on a coat, walked out of the villa, and wandered limply in the garden.

“Meow–”

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Then, he heard a small, trembling cat’s meow.

A cat?! mDV5rH

Unlike an ordinary cat’s meow, the meow that he heard was desolate and pitiful, full of a sense of helplessness.

Su Liang’s yawn got stuck in his throat. He raised his head, followed the sound and searched around the garden. Finally, on the branch of a big tree, he saw the hairball squatting there.

As far as a stray cat is concerned, the cat does seem to be a little too fat, with a swollen body and a swollen face, looking terribly clumsy.

Now it is squatting on the branch of the tree, screaming and screaming, and its eyes seem to be full of tears. M6Zoeq

Did it go up the tree and got stuck there?

Su Liang frowned and studied it under the tree for a while, barely reaching this conclusion.

He also encountered similar things in the 48th district in his previous life, so Su Liang didn’t think too much about it. Seeing that the tree was still strong, he took off his coat, grabbed the branches and slowly climbed up the branch.

“Mimi, be good. I’ll bring you down.” 1dZWie

Su Liang straddled the branch of the tree, leaned over slightly, and put out his hand carefully towards the cat.

But…

The cat suddenly stopped its pitiful meows. It looked at Su Liang with a puzzled face, then stood up lightly on the branch, jumped lightly, and skillfully descended the tree and burrowed into the bushes.

Su Liang: “………..” Cez Il

Okay then.

Seeing himself being so brave, Su Liang didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.

He then wanted to go down from the tree, but at this moment, a breeze blew, bringing a faint, moist fragrance. Immediately afterwards, Su Liang only felt the back of his neck go numb.

The numbness that was only fleeting before went down the spine, and finally spread to all the limbs. l5B 9x

In an instant, Su Liang’s entire body became limp.

“Wu…”

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

He let out a muffled groan, and if he hadn’t gritted his teeth to stabilize his body, he would have almost slipped off the tree.

But as far as his current situation is concerned, he doesn’t have any extra strength at all to support his sore body to climb down the tree. 6sAVdC

“Really…is there a mistake…”

Su Liang frowned, never expecting that in the end, the animal that couldn’t get off the tree was actually himself.

It’s embarrassing.

Before, Steward reminded him that the development of information gland would bring a series of changes to the body, but Su Liang didn’t take it too seriously, but he was starting to suffer now because of that. xgl7id

Maybe it was an illusion. The smell in the wind that made him feel numb and powerless, and the sour and soft aroma of his body seemed to have become stronger.

The heat slowly slid down his back, causing Su Liang to feel dizzy.

It felt like he was falling.

This thought crossed Su Liang’s mind. t7UnAR

Then, at the moment when he was ready to meet the impact, someone suddenly reached out to him, grabbed his collar, and jumped down from the tree.

“Wu-”

Su Liang didn’t even know how he fell from the tree to the ground all of a sudden.

He only had time to let out a low groan, and then he landed on his feet and his arms were firmly supported so that he could stand firm. mPdEaC

When he looked up again, the first thing Su Liang saw was a pair of dark eyes.

It was a man in black, with long hair tied tightly behind his head.

The lower half of his face was hidden behind a mask similar to a muzzle, and only the upper half of his face was exposed.

But that half of the face is still extremely handsome. vHtlhk

It was the sort of handsomeness that can make hearts beat wildly with just a glance.

“Don’t do such a dangerous thing in the future.”

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Even the voice is nice.

Also, he was kind of familiar. KGXwBb

“It’s you–”

Su Liang couldn’t help but directly hold the man’s hand.

Even he himself didn’t know why, but he recognised the other at a glance.

“You’re still alive!” R8P1eB

He exclaimed in surprise.



* * *



The author has something to say:

Today’s Lu Taipan: I’m not jealous, I’m just worried that this kid will be deceived by bad people !!

(worry) 4QygtT

tln:

trick or treat?





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 25


After so many years, Su liang never thought that he would be able to recognise the other at first glance.

It was probably because the memory of that year was too vivid, or it may be because the man’s indescribable handsomeness and temperament is too unique. Or, after so many years, the other party doesn’t seem to have changed much at all. Of course, compared to the young man who seemed slightly immature at that time, the aura on the man today was more indifferent and colder. rSuodJ

It’s like a long knife that has been thoroughly polished, sharp, and dripping with blood.

It seemed that just by looking at it, their eyes would be cut by the sharp blade.



Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

However, when Su Liang looked at him, he could still see the silhouette of the cold-hearted big brother who was both forbearing and gentle in the dilapidated garden of the Lu family.

The other party didn’t even change the fact that he only seemed cold outwardly but had a gentle nature – the second time they met in two lifetimes, the man saved him again. VJ0rRY

Although it was really embarrassing to be hung up on someone for so long, what happened just now made Su Liang feel a touch of intimacy in his heart.



“I’ve always wanted to say thank you, I never thought I’d see you again…. It’s so good that you’re alive, I mean… I’m glad.”

Su Liang raised his head and stared at the man in front of him with ruddy cheeks and incoherent words.

His heart was beating so fast.

xAr8Bh

Lu Taipan lowered his eyes and looked at the boy in front of him whose eyes had become wet. After a long time, he whispered softly, “I know.”

After a brief silence, Lu Taipan said again, “I was the person that day too.”

He said it very briefly, but it was so strange that Su Liang realized the meaning of this sentence in an instant.



The person from that day refers to… the kind inspector who talked to him on the communicator? ty5hIb

Su Liang’s whole figure was like a short-circuited robot that instantly erred on the spot.

The young and slender beta raised his head blankly, but his face was already flushed, the blush spreading to his neck.

According to the situation, the kind-hearted inspector undoubtedly knows all the conversations between him and Steward.

And the way he described him to Steward… Kj3TDC

It seemed to emphasize that the other party was very handsome, very reliable, and looks cold-hearted but was actually good-natured.

If Su Liang was really lucky enough to be able to turn into a short-circuiting robot, his ears would probably be smoking out now.

The expression on the youth’s face was unpredictable, and he was bubbling with shame.

Even if he added this life to his previous life, in both his two lifetimes, Su Liang had never felt such a strong emotional shock, even when Lu Zhizhao confessed to him so enthusiastically. Z32Ly7

“I, I’m sorry-”

He was speechless, muttering at the man blankly.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

“You don’t need to say sorry.” Lu Taipan paused for a moment on Su Liang’s blushing face, and then said, “You just asked me about my whereabouts legally and compliantly. And your comments on me are all positive – but most of them are not very accurate. I’m not a good person, and the help I gave you at the beginning was just a matter of convenience. You don’t need to be grateful to me, and I also suggest that if you meet people like me in the future, it’s best to stay away from them to avoid unnecessary trouble. ”

“Ah? But..” A0qhi9

Lu Taipan looked at the stunned young beta, and a strange worry flashed through his always cold heart.

In fact, in Lu Taipan’s plan, he didn’t plan to appear in front of Su Liang at all.

He is just here to make some adjustments to the defense facilities near the villa. After all, the previous Snake Lords were all elites, and their level was only S at most. To resist a double S-level Alpha’s berserk attack, the original protection strength is somewhat insufficient.

Of course, similar work can also be handed over to the housekeeper, but even the most powerful manpower can’t really estimate Lu Taipan’s true combat effectiveness. Thinking of this, Lu Taipan feels that he still needs to do it himself to be more secure. HCqrAP





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


He didn’t expect that the first time he arrived at the villa, what he was was nothing but the falling figure of a certain young man sitting on a tree.

Dfobgf tf tjv alwf ab atlcx, tf gfrmefv atf batfg qjgas gfoifzlnfis.

Pa gfjiis kjr cbatlcu.

Cr yfobgf, fnfgsatlcu kfca rwbbatis. daTA7V

Oe Kjlqjc vlvc’a atlcx tf kjr gfjiis j ufcaif jcv xlcv qfgrbc, yea atf ybs lc ogbca bo tlw vlvc’a rffw ab atlcx rb.

Lbk obbilrt…

Rb kbcvfg tf kjr fjrlis mbjzfv ys jc jiqtj ilxf Oe Itlhtjb.

Lu Taipan’s gaze on Su Liang were inexplicably a little tricky. YKHisC

At this moment, Su Liang finally recovered from the shame just now.

He also sensed a little bit of indifference from Lu Taipan, which was normal in his opinion. It was the same indifference as what he felt towards the students in Xingchuan University who would act over-familiar to himself.

It was even more improbable for the Viper Soldiers who were raised in the Snake Den to accept the inexplicable affection of a stranger at will.

The truth was this… lvTbuC

The heart that had originally lightened from being able to see this person at first, suddenly felt like a stone pressing heavily in his chest.

“I see, I… I didn’t think too much about it. Anyway, it’s really nice to see you again, by the way, thank you for saving me from the tree, I didn’t expect that the cat was much more smarter than me, haha.”

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Su Liang forced a smile and said to the man.

“Be careful in the future.” LDrXb4

The man in front of him spoke coldly.

“En, I know, I know. Thank you.”

Su Liang answered drily.

There was silence under the tree. 0E iVo

Then Su Liang suddenly realized that he was still holding the other’s hand tightly, and he quickly let go of his hand and wanted to distance himself a little. But just at this moment, there was a faint scent carried by the breeze.

The familiar heat flowed up in his blood again, Su Liang’s breathing stagnated, and his body suddenly became weak and limp.

“Sorry–”

He made a quick apology, and then involuntarily fell towards the man in front of him. JcwI2K

He fell into a cold, hard embrace.

The man who spoke indifferently and looked indifferent, but his arms were extraordinarily strong and hard, and he held Su Liang firmly.

Su Liang’s face was pressed against the other’s chest.

It was unknown what material the Viper’s combat uniforms were made out of. In short, the dark leather texture was very strange to the touch – Su Liang can almost feel the pectoral muscles that were tightly wrapped under the man’s combat uniform. 3cZYzF

“I’m not doing it on purpose.”

Su Liang was breathing rapidly, blushing red to the point of speechlessness.

He felt that his current behavior was no different from some clumsy suitors he had seen before, but the abnormality of his body made him unable to argue at all.

The moment he fell into the man’s arms, his body felt as if his bones were ripped off by an invisible hand. Su Liang was powerless to stand up and end this extremely embarrassing situation. 93fQYl

Can’t move…

Even his fingers were soft.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

The subtle, moist and icy scent of incense wrapped around his nerves, and despite ingesting nothing, it made him feel a drunk-like dizziness.

Even his nape began to respond, and somewhere deep in the healing wound became hot and itchy. ZRCqEH

When he reacted, he realized that he had involuntarily rubbed lightly on the man’s chest.

It’s just like being spoiled…

Su Liang was so embarrassed that he almost fainted.

The next second, he suddenly felt his body light up—— KRp6Sh

“You’re in a state of pheromone dysregulation caused by gland development.”

He clearly heard the man whisper.

“I’ll take you back to rest.”

Perhaps because of the dizziness, the man’s icy voice seemed a little lower than before. sU1 dq

Su Liang was directly picked up by the “Viper” warrior, and was then sent back to the villa.

The other party put him on the sofa and brought him water.

Because Su Liang was shaking slightly at this time, although he knew that it was not due to the temperature, Lu Taipan took off his shirt and put it on Su Liang’s shoulders after a brief hesitation.

Su Liang was dizzy, and his hands clung to the other’s jackets unconsciously. h7EoKd

He drank a small half glass of water with the other person’s hand, and the cool and cold water poured into his throat. Even if it was only the symptoms that were cured, the fever that was surging deep in his body subsided a little.

“Thank you.”

Su Liang had already given up on himself at this time to the point where he didn’t even bother to care about shame, so he could only bow his head down and repeat those two words pitifully.

“I didn’t expect the dizziness caused by the development of the glands to be so serious.” He wished he could shrink himself into his coat, “…I really didn’t mean it.” Vf67ZC

A long time ago, Su Liang also met an Omega suitor.

He was a beautiful and delicate young man. When talking to him, it was obvious that he was about to fall down.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

At that time, Su Liang had a splitting headache in the face of such a clumsy pursuit method, and even if he accidentally caught a glimpse of that person’s silhouette, cold sweat broke out behind his back, for fear that the other party would “accidentally” jump into his arms again.

Su Liang didn’t expect that he would become like this – although he was really unintentional! SjXJ3r

“I know.”

The man stood beside Su Liang with his head bowed, his body straight and his breath calm.

He doesn’t seem to be affected much.

He leaned over slightly and looked at the back of Su Liang’s neck with extreme restraint. WKvfP2

“You need to rest. Someone will come to check on you later.” The man said, paused, and then said, “Don’t be too nervous.”

Su Liang hugged the coat sullenly, feeling very desperate in his heart.

He completely screwed up their meeting…

In a self-defeating tone, Su Liang muttered to Lu Taipan’s back with incomparable difficulty. gp89J0

“I… I don’t know what your name is yet.”

They probably won’t be able to meet again after this.

Su Liang thought.

If that’s the case, at least, he wants to know the other person’s name. 80JR96

Lu Taipan’s footsteps paused, then he turned his head, and was slightly startled when he saw Su Liang’s dejected appearance, as if he had even shrunk in size.

He suddenly remembered that he seemed to have just ignored the question from the young man behind him and left.

Was Su Liang’s expression like this when he left him behind back then?

He was silent for a few seconds. Qxj9gq

As he insisted before, he didn’t want Su Liang to be too frightened.

Lu Taipan was very aware of his terrible reputation and embarrassing position. Once he reveals his identity, such a shy and easily frightened person like this little guy in front of him would probably fall into a panic.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

Lu Taipan didn’t forget the shame and intolerance that Su Liang showed just now. He couldn’t help but glance at Su Liang again: because of the excessive tension, the boy’s eyelids were even reddish, the eyes were moist with water, and his breathing was slightly rapid.

It was kind of pathetic. d2JSWb

“My name is Si.” Finally, Lu Taipan said in a deep voice. “You can call me Mr. Si.”

It was not a common word, and Su Liang looked a little dazed.

“Mister…. Four?”

Lu Taipan sighed softly, he took off his dark leather gloves, grabbed Su Liang’s hand, and lightly outlined the word “si” on the other’s palm. zxDWiE

While doing all this, his expression was indifferent, his eyes lowered.

For a moment, the icy aura that enveloped him seemed to fade away, and it seemed vaguely gentle and focused.

He was obviously cold in every way, but when his fingertips landed on Su Liang’s palm, it felt very hot to the touch.

Su Liang held his breath involuntarily. V1SYv4

At this moment, his palm was itchy.

His heart…

His heart was beating.

NmWxLH



* * *



tln:

why did it take you so long to translate this chapter, you may ask. the answer is i got too caught up with post exam healing and forgot about the internet for a few days. ehe…





Translator's Note

巳先生

Translator's Note

four and si sound the same in cn





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 26


Su Liang was a little too close.

Lu Taipan thought, looking down at the young man beside him. RDQALB

The young beta’s face was still very red, thick lashes covering those moist eyes.

The young man clearly didn’t dare to look at him and kept his head down, as if he was only concentrating on studying the traces left by Lu Taipan on his palm.



Chrysanthemum Garden.

A very faint fragrance permeated from the depths of the other party’s fair skin, a fragrance reminiscent of unripe fruit and unbloomed flower buds.

Lu Taipan looked normal, but under the mask, he couldn’t help pressing the tip of his tongue against his teeth. rv3DdH

Inside his cold, dead body, tin sparks began to flicker.



It was a kind of secret throbbing that made Lu Taipan himself feel strange.

…. It was a pheromone overflow response caused by the side effects of the inducer and the development of the information glands.

Lu Taipan analyzed calmly, and then gave an answer to the current situation.

7okvjP

Before coming here, he had read Su Liang’s medical report.

Su Liang still has a small amount of inducer in his body that has not been completely metabolized. In addition, he is experiencing the development of pheromones at his current age, which will inevitably lead to a slight pheromone disorder.

The most likely scenario is that he will be like this now. He was obviously an undifferentiated beta, but he will exude an omega-like aura.



This is normal. 31PEV

What is abnormal is Lu Taipan himself. He was experiencing the brutal and primitive sensitivity and impulsiveness that every pre-rut alpha will have.

It was a pretty bad feeling.

After all, what Lu Taipan hates the most is losing control.

“I should leave.” YFUbQm

Lu Taipan stood up resolutely and moved away from Su Liang.

“Ah? Is Mr Si leaving now?”

Su Liang looked at him in surprise, his moist eyes revealing a faint touch of attachment that hadn’t had time to dissipate.

[Pheromone release therapy will allow patients to still be physically close to the Alpha Pheromone Source for the next few days to several weeks.] YociH5

The cold analysis on the medical report flashed across Lu Taipan’s mind.

But meeting Su Liang’s eyes at that moment, Lu Taipan still unconsciously licked the tip of his teeth yet again.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“Mn.”





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


He coldly responded. RvnyFX

Ktfc, lucbglcu Ve Oljcu’r ujhf, tf kjixfv ragjluta ab atf vbbg.

Dea yfobgf tf tjv alwf ab rafq bea bo atf gbbw, tf tfjgv Ve Oljcu jrxlcu jujlc.

“Zg Vl, klii sbe mbwf tfgf ab qfgobgw boolmlji vealfr lc atf oeaegf….. Qfii, P wfjc, mjc P rff sbe jujlc?”

Lu Taipan remained silent for two seconds. mX1S9j

In fact, according to his plans, there will no longer be any contact between him and Su Liang.

Of course he will still protect this naive and clumsy beta, but for the Snake Lord Lu Taipan who was about to go mad and die, it is impossible to have too much involvement with such a weak ordinary person.

However, after all the calm thinking, Lu Taipan heard himself respond in a low voice. “If conditions permit.”



* * *



Back at the Snake Lord’s cold and dreary mansion, Lu Taipan stepped into the medical center expressionlessly. mLvQGW

“Steward, prepare the inhibitors, increase the strength by two units-”

He unconsciously raised his hand towards the neckline, intending to take off his combat uniform routinely to prepare for the mechanical arm’s medicine injection, but when his fingertips touched his own skin instead of the leather combat uniform, a flash of astonishment flashed in the man’s eyes. Then, he remembered that his combat uniform was probably still with Su Liang.

An inexplicable sense of pleasure flashed through Lu Taipan’s heart, but before Lu Taipan had the time to investigate carefully, Steward’s electronic voice sounded. “This medical request is rejected. I’ve just checked your body indexes, and the readings show that your current physical condition is good, the pheromone disturbance value is still within the controllable range, and your mental stability is also very good. Of course, I can understand your request for the inhibitors, but with all due respect, judging from your physiological data, you are simply excited because of the exuberant secretion of sex hormones. It’s just the sexual impulse that a normal adult male mammal will have. You do not need to panic because of it, let alone use drugs to suppress this normal physiological reaction–”

“Shut up.” 0YRP k

Lu Taipan said coldly.

“Alright,” said Steward obediently.

But after a brief silence for a few seconds, it added another sentence: “Do you need me to temporarily close the facility so that you can relieve yourself? According to my deduction, this is actually good for your physical and mental conditions.”

Lu Taipan took a deep breath. If it weren’t for him remembering something important, he would have followed his urge and shut down this overactive artificial intelligence. UQK09V

“I have re-adjusted the defense facilities of the Silent Garden and found a small loophole. There is no small animal repellent equipped near the facility – remember to fix this loophole.”

He ordered nonchalantly.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

The Silent Garden Lu Taipan referred to was the small villa where Su Liang lived now.

Steward tilted his head slightly. His various humanized modules have been strengthened to the extreme, so that it could still convey its inner confusion even though it doesn’t have much expression. Bb26Io

“Small animal repeller? Why put something like that in there-”

“Because cats will run in.” Lu Taipan spoke. “It’s a bit dangerous for Su Liang.”

Steward was silent for a while before responding. “I don’t quite understand.” It seemed puzzled. “But I’ve sent an order to install a small animal repeller near the target location.”

“Very good.” b2RNSx

Lu Taipan ignored the artificial intelligence’s doubts at the moment, and then issued a new instruction. “Su Liang is still in service, and since he still cares about the Leia plant garden that he took care of before, let him continue. The soil well will be rearranged within three days and the Leia plants will be transplanted there— —”

“Poor Young Master Su Liang did mention that his work is not yet finished, but how did you know?” The butler’s electronic eyes flickered, “Wait, did you monitor Master Su Liang’s daily conversation again?”

Lu Taipan did not respond.

“My dear master, as your artificial intelligence, I have an obligation to remind you of one thing… Do you feel that you have some very dangerous tendencies in some aspects?” rkmdf2

At this time, Lu Taipan had already begun to routinely process urgent documents on his personal terminal.

To him, Steward’s nagging has always been regarded as a meaningless background sound, but after hearing its question at this time, Lu Taipan still twitched his brows slightly.

Dangerous tendencies?

Lu Taipan didn’t think so. GUpLRr

After speaking directly with Su Liang, Lu Taipan felt that he was more obliged to protect Su Liang.

If you don’t carefully eliminate the danger signals around Su Liang, who knows what kind of trap that stupid beta will fall into?

After all, even cats can fool him.



* * *



[“You can call me Mr Si-”] h0kUmS

At the same time, in a small villa not far from the Snake Lord’s mansion.

Su Liang was tossing and turning on the bed.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

“Ah, ah, it’s true!”

Su Liang took a deep breath, rubbed his ears, and finally sat up from the bed unbearably. LPNJ0U

He didn’t need to look in the mirror to know that his complexion must be quite ugly now, and he estimated that the dark circles under his eyes had already covered his eyes.

Su Liang simply didn’t know how to deal with his current situation. Is this the so-called negative reaction caused by the development of information glands?

His body was obviously extremely exhausted to the point that Su Liang felt that he could fall asleep in a second even if he was on the field. However, after lying down on the extremely comfortable and spacious big bed in the villa, on a luxury bed he’s never seen before, Su Liang still couldn’t fall asleep.

It was an overwhelming sense of emptiness that couldn’t be explained at all. rjA8oK

He can’t feel at ease, let alone fall asleep.

The back of the neck was obviously no longer swollen, but the nerve at the deepest part of the wound was beating non-stop, reminding him of its existence all the time.

Even in his previous life, when he was suffering from illness, he never experienced such a feeling.

It was even more unbearable than the severe pain of bone erosion. 9oHXhV

At first, Su Liang tried to wrap himself in a quilt to fill the emptiness that was nowhere to be found, but then he still couldn’t stand it and got up from the bed.

Maybe it was out of instinct. When his consciousness came back to his senses, he realized that he had come to the closet.

The combat uniform left by Mr. Si has been carefully hung here by him.

When the man left, he didn’t take his combat uniform with him, but according to Su Liang’s original plan, he could return the combat uniform to the other party when they meet next time. kPGAFc

But now, the situation seemed to be a bit awkward. Su liang found himself hugging the combat uniform tightly.

There was a vague aura unique to Mr. Si on it.

It was a very, very light smell, just like Mr. Si himself. It smelled like frost, moss, grass, and incense.

Of course, because the smell is too weak, Su Liang can’t smell such a delicate smell at all… However, the moment the extremely faint smell entered his nose, Su Liang seemed to have been thoroughly soaked and wrapped by a similar smell, and easily reproduced that dizzying and wonderful aroma in his mind. GTD7X0

The strong sense of security instantly filled the emptiness that seemed to be scratching at the heart with little claws.

Su Liang sniffed the combat uniform.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

After realizing what he had done, Su Liang hurriedly pressed the combat uniform back to his chest in a panic.

Even though there was no one around, he was still blushing, and he was so shy that he was about to smoke all over his body. uqSl0H

It was as if a clumsy big-headed deer lived in his heart, and it was rampaging in his chest, banging against the wall.

Very strange…

Moreover, it is also very perverted.

Su Liang crazily spurned himself in his heart, but his body still didn’t obey. JyQ67O

He clutched his black combat uniform tightly and returned to the bed.

This time, he buried his face deeply in the collar of his combat uniform.

The part near the nape of the neck seems to have a slightly more pleasant and reassuring smell, only a little bit.

Then, Su Liang closed his eyes, curled up in Lu Taipan’s combat uniform, and fell into a deep sleep. GpR7CE



* * *



The Author has something to say:

Xiao Liang: I am a pervert.



tn: ABC Dk

merry christmas! i got busy again _(:’3/





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 27


Three days later, Su Liang was sluggish for a long time after waking up.

The restlessness and emptiness that bothered him the night before had dissipated like a dream, and even the exhaustion caused by the development of information glands had already been swept away after a deep sleep. QFtsAO

The negative state of the body disappeared, but Su Liang didn’t feel refreshed or happy at all.

He doesn’t want to face reality at all.



Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Because, just this morning, after waking up, he found that he had fallen asleep completely wrapped in Mr. Si’s combat uniform. And his original pajamas were crumpled into a ball and randomly piled up in the corner.

If this wasn’t bad enough, then the memory of his dream was the last straw that broke Su Liang’s mind. 2hElzd

Isn’t it said that if you sleep well, you can’t remember your dreams? But Su Liang could clearly recall the extremely ambiguous overlapping panting in last night’s dream.



Someone was on top of him, biting his neck fiercely like a wild beast.

However, that ruthless degradation reveals bone-destroying joy and happiness…

The figure of the man in the dream was extremely vague, but his breath was so clear.

JCFZg7

Su Liang held his head and asked the sky speechlessly.

Immediately afterwards, he jumped up from the bed and rushed into the bathroom. After rushing into the icy shower for a long time, he barely regained his precarious sanity and calmed down.

No matter how unwilling to admit the reality, he still has to face this matter——



He, Su Liang, has turned into a pervert. irwYbg

Ten minutes later, Su Liang stood shivering beside the bed wrapped in a bath towel, looking at the slightly wrinkled black combat uniform on the bed.

After another half an hour, Su Liang bit his lip and began to work hard to clean the combat uniform. Of course, there was no suspicious liquid on the combat uniform (Otherwise, Su Liang suspects that he might choose to kill himself because of excessive shame). It just became a little wrinkled due to being wrapped around Su Liang’s body for too long, and the leather combat uniform was also stained with the smell of this shameful Beta.

Su Liang frowned and sniffed for a while, and barely smelled a little fruit-like smell.

That kind of very faint fragrance intertwined with the original smell on the combat uniform, and mixed into a kind… a kind of smell that made Su Liang start to blush crazily and had his heart beat again inexplicably. 5xVeRs

Su Liang didn’t even know how he pulled himself together, cleaned up and folded the combat uniform. He only knew that he took a cold shower for a long time before he managed to cool down the heat on his face.

He didn’t know what happened to him, so in the end he had no choice but to bite the bullet and start re-reading the various materials that Steward had passed on to him. Then he found a similar case in the archives: a certain unlucky guy who also had a problem with the information gland and produced a pheromone disorder, became delirious due to hormones, and had a serious “nesting” behavior. He stole and illegally occupied the personal belongings of five Alphas, including neighbors and roommates, to appease his biological instincts. Then, after the information glands returned to normal, the patient became sober and later developed severe social illness.

Su Liang quickly turned off the electronic screen, not daring to watch the follow-up development of this unlucky guy.

Things aren’t too bad yet. J6Gwny

Su Liang said to himself.

At least he just slept all night holding someone else’s clothes like an idiot, instead of directly using other people’s underwear to solve his physiological impulse like someone else.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

There is still time to salvage everything…

“Ding dong.” 4Lx59V

The sound of the doorbell interrupted Su Liang’s self-affirmation.

Reflexively, he directly stuffed Mr. Si’s combat uniform under the pillow, and then rushed downstairs in a panic.

What he didn’t expect was that the person who knocked on the door was not Steward (thankfully, it wasn’t Mr. Si either). The baby-faced young man who appeared at the door had a cheerful smile on his face. After Su Liang opened the door, he happily blew a kiss to Su Liang.

“Hi, student Su Liang! How are you doing? How are you doing?!” 6S0gOy

“Mr. Xue Yinhuan?”

Su Liang opened his eyes wide in surprise.

“Call me Xiaohuan, Xiaohuan is fine! I’m not a middle-aged man who likes to be called mister.”

Xue Yinhuan grimaced when he heard Su Liang’s overly respectful address, and said with a smile. sdomJN

“That’s not true…” Su Liang muttered subconsciously, but under Xue Yinhuan’s strong request, he still called Xue Yinhuan “Xiaohuan” directly with some embarrassment.

Towards Xue Yinhuan’s appearance, Su Liang was undoubtedly happy.

He had thought it would be a long time before he saw them again. The Viper Soldiers of the Lu Family had already retreated to the third line after the Canaan War in name, but as long as they stay within the circle of power and prestige, even outsiders like Su Liang may have heard of it – many dangerous missions today still has to rely on the Lu Family’s Vipers to solve.

It can even be said that the detached status of the Lu family in the entire Earth Federation is also due to the achievements of the “Vipers”. mkpN98

According to common sense, a soldier like Xue Yinhuan should also have heavy tasks.

“Ah, you said mission…”





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Wef Tlctejc rja bc atf rboj jcv kjnfv ja Ve Oljcu fzjuufgjafvis.

“Gbc’a kbggs, vbc’a kbggs, P jw jmaejiis gfjiis ragbcu, rwjii ajrxr ilxf atja jgf fjrs ab rbinf. P pera tfjgv atja sbe kfgf ifoa lc atf lccfg mbegasjgv jcv wbnfv ab j cfk qijmf, rb P mjwf ab rff sbe. Coafg jii, sbe jgf atf bcf P lcagbvemfv ab atf Vcjxf Gfc wsrfio, rb bo mbegrf, P tjnf ab ajxf ubbv mjgf bo sbe.” aiG6kr

Xue Yinhuan said with a smile.

Of course, what he didn’t tell Su Liang was that not long ago, he climbed down from the spaceship half dead, and after hearing that the Secret Garden had a new owner, and that this person turned out to be Su Liang. He didn’t care about Black Mamba’s restriction at all, and at the risk of being punished by Lu Taipan again, he also sneaked in to take a look.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

Please, this was the secret garden! It was a place where another Snake Den master might live, a place for the Snake Lord’s partner!

The Su Liang who from the get-go claimed that he and Lu Taipan had no relationship with other had suddenly moved in?! And it had already just been a few days! X2QVZ6

Xue Yinhuan’s curiosity was once again rekindled.

Only that…

After being welcomed into this room, he searched hard for a while. Only, he didn’t see any trace of the boss in the brand new and clean house.

Do these two have a bad relationship? AohuH2

But looking at Su Liang’s ruddy complexion and bright eyes, it really didn’t seem like that…

Xue Yinhuan suddenly regretted not collecting more information before investigating.

“Did you live well in the Snake Den during these few days? Has anyone treated you badly?”

Xue – has a wish for death – burning with curiosity – Yinhuan asked casually while observing the surroundings. ABoDHX

“I’ve been well,” Su Liang skipped the fact that he was attacked, and answered sincerely. “Everything here is nice, and just like what you said.. Everyone is kind.”

As he spoke, Su Liang’s cheeks flushed unexpectedly.

“And, I’ve also met the person I’ve always wanted to meet.”

“Oh? Wait, you actually have acquaintances in the Snake Den?” 3gjWTY

Seeing the extremely gentle smile on Su Liang’s lips, Xue Yinhuan’s eyes lit up.

“Yes, I was rescued by a ‘Viper’ soldier before…” Su Liang explained with a smile. After briefly describing the past, he suddenly thought of something, and then he looked at Xue Yinhuan nervously , “His name is Si, you should know him, right? He’s handsome and has long hair—”

Accompanied by Su Liang’s description, Xue Yinhuan who was only gossiping at first, gradually became stiff.

All the people in the Snake Den are named after snakes, but the only person who is qualified to use “Si”, there is only one. OvF3MA

Coupled with the characteristics of “handsome” and “long hair” that Su Liang described, the true identity of the kind and gentle man Su Liang described was about to be revealed.

Xue Yinhuan felt a little foolish now. He always felt as if he had missed some extremely important plot point.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“Haha, you said ‘Si’, I, of course I know him.”

While Xue Yinhuan worked hard to utilize his braincells to deal with Su Liang, he frantically poked a certain AI on the private channel in an attempt to get more information. 3CO6qU

Why does Su Liang still look innocent, as if he doesn’t know who “Lu Taipan” is?

Why did the boss take people here, but still use his codename to deceive them?

Why………

[Please keep it a secret from young master Su Liang. This is the master’s order to, erm, to avoid frightening young master Su Liang–] Xg1xr7

In the private channel, no matter how you look at it, the AI gave a weird response.

– If the real identity of the boss is revealed later, Su Liang will even be more frightened~

Xue Yinhuan turned off the private channel, gritted his teeth, and wished that he could scream towards the sky.

However, on the surface, Xue Yinhuan still tried his best to maintain his composure. 6xFo p

“That’s right, the person you mentioned, isn’t he a bit unfriendly hahaha…. It’s like this, we all feel that he’s a bit cold tempered, and can’t really see how he treats you so well.”

“Mr. Si is really a good person.”

Mentioning that man, Su Liang didn’t even realize that the look in his eyes had softened.

Strictly speaking, he and the other party only met twice, but for some reason, Su Liang just thought that person was very nice. C1iq0T

Very cold, but also very gentle.

It’s like as long as you stay by that man’s side, you don’t have to worry about anything, and you don’t have to be afraid of anything.

Because that person will definitely protect him.

…Su Liang never thought that the sense of security and trust that Mr. Si brought to him when he was fourteen years old would become so strong after festering in his heart for so many years. 6NJCsr

“Ah, yes, you said he, hahaha, maybe he is very good in front of you, hahaha——”

Xue Yinhuan didn’t even know what he was talking about.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

After all, not long ago, the boss sent him to the edge of ​​the star field to rob the star pirates.

The task is not dangerous but extremely troublesome. Thinking of the ultimate way that the star pirate used to defend against the enemy was to continuously spray highly corrosive internal organs from its mouth… Xue Yinhuan couldn’t help but burst into tears. UNj7lC

Boss…. He’s… mn, really good.

After chatting with Xue Yinhuan about Mr. Si, Su Liang’s face gradually warmed up. He was still very embarrassed, but anyway, Xue Yinhuan’s arrival could indeed solve his problem.

“Xiaohuan, I want to ask you something.”

He said to Xue Yinhuan with some difficulty. adFJP0

“Mr. Si left a combat uniform here last night, can I ask you to hand it over to him?”

“Yes, what is—”

Xue Yinhuan hadn’t turned his head at this time, and after agreeing casually, he suddenly realized that the situation seemed to be far beyond his imagination.

Wait, hand over what? Combat uniform? Boss’ combat uniform? CQyr3q

Just when Xue Yinhuan was stunned, Su Liang quickly came to the room and took out the folded black combat uniform.

Compared with ordinary clothes, the combat uniform is very heavy. When hugged close to the chest, it still makes Su Liang feel at ease and… moved.

Su Liang bit the tip of his tongue, trying to wake himself up.

He didn’t want to turn himself into a real pervert, much less fall into the pathetic situation of the hapless guy in the records. u39yDc

So his top priority is to return the combat uniform to Mr.Si as soon as possible.

Thinking of this, Su Liang rushed downstairs, intending to hand over the combat uniform to Xue Yinhuan.

“Sorry to bother you.”

As a result, Su Liang hasn’t even finished his sentence, but the figure in front of him moved suddenly. Xue Yinhuan, who was sitting on the sofa in a daze before, jumped up like a cat whose tail was scalded, and sprinted to the door. kbKe6h

“….Xiao Huan?”

Su Liang was puzzled.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

Xue Yinhuan pressed his back firmly against the door, resisting the urge to gasp, and smiled wryly at Su Liang.

He was suffering silently. G5aFiL

He recognized at a glance that the combat uniform was indeed the boss’s, and promised Su Liang that hewould bring the things to the boss.

But…

He felt that he really couldn’t pick up this thing.

That heavy black combat uniform was filled with pheromones from the top Alpha. 9JmB0c

Thanks to the suppressing device that Lu Taipan wears all year round, the pheromone left on the combat uniform is certainly not strong. Strictly speaking, it is just a very faint breath.

However, once they reach the level of double S, even the slightest pheromone has an extremely strong sense of presence for a low-level Alpha like them.

In addition, Alpha’s pheromones not only prove a person’s identity, but also contain rich meanings.

Just like the most primitive and savage animals, the pheromones of the same person are sometimes a show of strength, sometimes a threat, and sometimes a manifestation of power. Ez2MnO

And sometimes its…. A territorial mark.

In the distant past, when the Alpha who finally got a partner had to leave his Omega for a short time, he would leave his personal belongings by the side of the Omega.

That “marker” will emit a unique pheromone, which is an extremely fierce mark, used to show its existence to other Alphas.

[This Omega is mine.] jgXtUQ

And now, Xue Yinhuan only felt that the whole living room was filled with threats from Lu Taipan.

His hairs stood on end, and cold sweat broke out.

Even his skin felt a faint tingling as if it had been corroded by something.

Xue Yinhuan wondered what the boss was thinking when he took off his clothes to Su Liang, and why the sense of aggression and possessiveness contained in such a thin pheromone was so strong that it could even be called “morbid”. AULVrj

Anyway, before he touched that combat uniform, he felt that he was about to be scared to death.

It’s too crazy.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Not at all…

No, does the boss really know the detailed usage of various pheromones? The only time that person needs to release pheromones is probably when he is killing on the battlefield, right?! OcPQSM

Thinking of Lu Taipan who was always wearing isolation suits and built-in inhibitors, immobile as a mountain all year round, guarding his body like a jade, Xue Yinhuan couldn’t help it and secretly slandered him in his heart.

Of course, he didn’t think too much about it.

No matter how you say it, Lu Taipan is also the master of the Snake Den. It would be ridiculous to say that he doesn’t even understand this basic method of Alpha monopoly.

“Well, I just found out that the one in your hand is our close-fitting combat uniform. This kind of combat uniform is, just that, because when you wear it, there is no armor or exoskeleton. It is worn over the bare body, so it’s kinda special. It’s not easy for strangers to take it over.” Zt IUF

Xue Yinhuan had a bitter face, considering that Steward asked him to keep Lu Taipan’s real identity a secret, now he can only talk nonsense with great difficulty.

“This thing is very important, so he will definitely come to pick it up in person, trust me. Anyway, you’d better give it to him in person.”

“I see.”

Su Liang said with a little disappointment. z9qB10

But for some reason, while disappointed, Xue Yinhuan’s words inexplicably made him feel a little joy.

If these combat uniforms are so important, Mr. Si will definitely come again. And if he does come again…

Su Liang was a little lost in thought.

And Xue Yinhuan is trying to browse through the extremely hidden team channels and forums that he failed to check during his mission to check up on information. ONUZzT

There was a momentary silence in the room.

But soon, the movement of the communication projection broke the silence.

[Good morning, Young Master Su Liang. ]

The holographic projection landed in the center of the living room, and the phantom of the silicone man in a suit clearly floated in the air. ZaQY5f

It blinked and greeted Xue Yinhuan casually.

[I’m glad to see you chatting happily with Young Master Su Liang. Although I don’t agree with you appearing here at this time, but…forget it, it’s not an important matter. ]

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.



He said kindly to Xue Yinhuan. KTMVpd

Hearing the last sentence, Xue Yinhuan felt his eyelids twitch a little, and he had a bad premonition.

At this time, Steward had already focused back on Su Liang.

[Master Su Liang, please allow me to inform you: here is an external message that wishes to contact you. 】

“External message? You mean my sister…” IdDUcK

Su Liang suddenly became nervous. He had already contacted Su Nuan once before, and this time he subconsciously thought it was his sister who had something to tell him.

[This message is from a friend of yours. The real identity of the initiator of the message is… Lu Zhizhao. ]

Steward said, word by word.

[This communication request has been approved by the Snake Lord Lu Taipan, would you like to connect to this communication? ] H4ljWP



* * *



The author has something to say: A certain middle-aged man.

Mouth: I’m just taking care of a little stray cat.

Pheromone: Hello everyone, this is my wife, I will kill anyone who dares to step forward! (super fierce)

It’s very contradictory. qSk8Ci

tn: sorry for the long absence… this chapter felt so long……. it’s a 2k increase from chapter 26… i did this chapter to about halfway and then promptly lost my motivation because of the length.. the next few chapters will also be around this length until chapter 33 where it dips to 3k and then.. goes on at a steady 5k… ok thanks for reading my complains i think the next chapter should be out in a week or so (not an april fools joke)





Translator's Note

The Si used here is the Si used to name the snake zodiac, or the snake hour from 9-11 (pleco)





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 28


When Lu Zhizhao’s request for communication wa sent to Lu Taipan’s personal terminal through the internal channel, the Snake Den’s master was actually in a very bad mood.

Of course, on the surface, Lu Taipan’s expression and behaviour were the same as usual. bDAMUK

Only he himself is aware that his mood had stagnated over the years.

He was in a very bad mood.



Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

And what he couldn’t understand the most was that this bad mood came from just a vague dream.

Yes, a dream. pEfKQS

Lu Taipan couldn’t remember how long he hadn’t had a dream. With his pheromone disorder and mental issues, he hadn’t had real sleep for a long time.



However, after returning from Su Liang’s place yesterday, he fell asleep after a long respite.

Then, he had a dream.

It was definitely a complete nightmare, where almost all of his hidden, subconscious worries were manifested.

9GOnyF

He dreamt that his body was overwhelmed, with ineffective medicine, where he was exhausted and dying.

He also dreamt of Su Liang.

Su Liang died, just like what he was worried about.



The dream was chaotic, so Lu Taipan could only vaguely remember that it seemed like a cowardly lunatic had killed Su Liang. q7MLbp

He couldn’t remember the murderer’s face at all, but after waking up, he still remember how thin Su Liang looked when he was trapped in that sterile room within his dream.

It was completely different from the real Su Liang.

His face was pale and gray, an aura of death around him.

His corpse was thin and shriveled, and when he held him in his arms, he felt as light as a bunch of dry rose branches. TCYMV1

[Very pitiful.]

Lu Taipan can even clearly remember such emotions surging in his heart in the dream.

It is faint, with a little bitter pity.

Lu Taipan believes that the approaching rut period must have affected his emotional control ability, otherwise it would be difficult to explain why a simple dream can seriously interfere with his mood during the waking period. 5zdH2x

Alright, maybe there was another possibility. He was really worried about Su Liang’s future safety. Even though it was a dream, that dream has no possibilities to become real.

Lu Taipan tapped the table with his fingertips, lost in thought.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

He was very sure that if Su Liang had never entered the Snake Den, it meant that that innocent young man would not be under his protection either. Coupled with his infatuation and trust in Lu Zhizhao, he is likely to make a very stupid choice.

Many people can hurt Su Liang. TcCmhd

Similarly, many people can easily kill him, even without any reason or means.

Thinking of this, Lu Taipan suddenly felt a wonderful desire surge in his heart. That desire was so intense, that it burnt his nerves like lava; people like Su Liang should be imprisoned by his side forever, under his personal care and protection.

Certain images, very vague and obscure, flashed through the heart of the strong alpha, so fast that even he himself didn’t really realise what he was thinking.

An ankle bound in chains. vk95HR

A slender figure who was completely confined in a secret room.

It is an absolute protection…. and possession.

With a “click”, the pen he held in his hand broke with a crisp sound.

Lu Taipan suddenly came back to his senses, and then frowned. Those dark thoughts were quickly suppressed by Lu Taipan, and he calmed down, returning to how he was previously. 89XPes

The higher the level of the Alpha, the stronger the original instinct left in the body. Lu Taipan was not surprised by these extremely evil desires that occasionally popped up in his consciousness. He can always suppress this Alpha’s natural inferiority, but these days, the existence of his rut period makes him a little bit out of control. Before this all happened, Lu Taipan had never had such morbid thoughts about specific individuals.

It is still necessary to solve the trouble of the rut period as soon as possible.

Lu Taipan increased the injection dose of the inhibitor again, and then he thought calmly.

And Lu Taipan, who was already unhappy enough, was soon made even more unhappy by an inconspicuous report mixed in with the intelligence. TFSis4





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


As the current young master of the Lu family, Lu Zhizhao has always been the object of observation of the “Snake Den”.

Oe Kjlqjc oilqqfv atgbeut atf gfqbga mjrejiis, jcv tlr fsfr ilcufgfv bc atf gfqbga bo Rlcu Aljsl’r qtfgbwbcf vfqfcvfcmf ijra cluta.

[The target released a small amount of pheromone to Ning Jiayi, successfully triggering Ning Jiayi’s pheromone addiction last night…]

[Considering the fact that Ning Jiayi is in poor health, the Ning family has already requested special treatment from the Lu family, and the target has agreed to provide Ning Jiayi with his own Alpha pheromone continuously, long-term, and stably in the next period of time in order to appease his pheromone dependence symptoms…] 3ElT7U

[Currently, Ning and Lu executives generally regard the mutual medical assistance between the target person and Ning Jiayi as a manifestation of the further advancement of the relationship between the two. Lu Zhengen has not completely relaxed the house arrest measures against the target, but he has agreed to restore a small amount of authority to the other party… …]

Oe Kjlqjc rmjccfv atf gfqbga ja j uijcmf, tlr fzqgfrrlbc yfmjwf wbgf jcv wbgf lcvloofgfca.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Ktfgf lr cb vbeya atja Oe Itlhtjb lr erlcu Rlcu Aljsl’r qtfgbwbcf jvvlmalbc ab gfilfnf tlwrfio bo atf gfraglmalbcr. Ccv tlr yftjnlbg lr jiwbra jmdelfrmfcmf ab atf ojma atja tf klii obgw j qjgacfg klat Rlcu Aljsl, yea cba ibcu jub, tf kjr ralii jwylueberis lcalwjaf klat Ve Oljcu, jr lo tf tjv jigfjvs ojiifc lc ibnf…

At this moment, Steward suddenly reported to Lu Taipan that Lu Zhizhao wanted to contact Su Liang. nEKINq

The “Snake Den” has a high degree of confidentiality, and all communication with the internal personnel of the “Snake Den” needs to be submitted and approved before it can be executed. However, as the current young master of the Lu family, Lu Zhizhao’s authority was enough to allow him to bypass the application to contact Su Liang. However, the current Su Liang is no longer an ordinary “Snake Cave” service staff. He lived in the “Secret Garden”, which belongs to the private sanctum of the inner courtyard. The extremely special significance of the small villa instantly raised Lu Zhizhao’s application level to the level where Lu Taipan himself had to approve it before it could be carried out.

Lu Taipan looked at Lu Zhizhao’s request, and he couldn’t even understand what Lu Zhizhao was getting at. On one hand, he had almost substantively announced his marriage with the Ning family, but on the other hand, he was still trying to contact Su Liang who was in the Snake Den.

Was this an attempt to explain the situation, or… an attempt to continue deceiving that foolish beta?

Lu Taipan’s eyes became colder and colder. JuB3sM

Steward observed Lu Taipan unobtrusively.

Almost all the physiological data show Lu Taipan’s dislike for the individual named Lu Zhizhao. Steward had never seen Lu Taipan respond to anyone with such strong malice.

This is beyond its expectation.

Yes, Lu Zhizhao is indeed a rare and cherished S-level Alpha, and indeed the young master of the Lu family in name, but such a person is actually nothing to Lu Taipan. zS14k5

Lu Zhizhao shouldn’t even have the qualifications to receive Lu Taipan’s loathe—until he appeared on the reports related to Su Liang.

“From my personal point of view, I think perhaps we can directly reject this request. Well, in fact, I don’t think that when Lu Zhengen re-granted the basic authority for young master Lu, he must not have expected that what his dear son would do first is to actually contact the Snake Den without telling him.”

Steward said, excitedly trying to figure out what Lu Taipan was thinking about.

“No.” 5HRenZ

But Lu Taipan gave an unexpected response towards the AI.

“Go and ask what Su Liang wants.”

Lu Taipan did not notice that his overflowing spiritual power gradually acquired a cold and terrifying edge to it, along with his orders.

“Of course, if Su Liang chooses to accept it, then after he finishes talking with Lu Zhizhao, submit a report on what Lu Zhizhao has been doing during these past few weeks to Su Liang.” 0s8cxd

Lu Taipan added expressionlessly a few seconds later.

Steward: “Ah… okay.”

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“He is one of the Snake Den’s people now, and I don’t want this kind of deception to fall upon them.”

Lu Taipan spoke after Steward exhaled a meaningful exclamation, which almost sounded like an excuse. rqZ bH

Even Lu Taipan himself didn’t know where the slight embarrassment in his voice came from.

Steward’s electronic eyes flickered quickly.

“I really understand.”

It enthusiastically said to Lu Taipan. IJ2jY9

And a few minutes later, the happy AI notified Lu Taipan of the progress of the matter in a particularly brisk tone: “Master Su Liang chose to refuse to accept!”

Lu Taipan paused.

Steward said again: “Master Su Liang also asked me to convey a message: He hopes that Lu Zhizhao will not contact him again in the future.”

“Mn…. that’s good.” AiJfGZ

Lu Taipan was silent for a while, then he nodded reservedly. “He is finally smarter.”

Afterwards, the Master of the Snake Den, like a kind and benevolent elder, also sent a message to Lu Zhizhao.

“Tell him that since he thinks he can become the next Patriarch, he should exercise his mental strength now instead of thinking about establishing improper emotional relationships with others every day.”

“The message has been recorded.” iIJa89

“By the way, send the statements and background checks of the two guys caught before to Lu Zhizhao—he should learn to manage himself and his fiancée well.”

“Let me not cause trouble to Xiaoliang?! I don’t understand… Is this what uncle means?”

In the Lu family’s mansion, Lu Zhizhao stood up abruptly, looking at Steward on the holographic screen, his expression somewhat ferocious.

“I don’t believe it, since when did my uncle care about the emotional matters of the younger generation?!” vjzpPy

It was not easy to get the chance to contact Su Liang, but the person he was dreaming of refused to even answer the communication.

Thinking of this matter, Lu Zhizhao felt anxious and out of breath.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

God knows how he patiently bargained with his father to grant him the communication authority. He replayed the words of apology in his mind over and over again, just to be able to behave well when meeting XiaoLiang.

However, all of this was turned into dust because of the cold rejection of the “Snake Den”. mdiC63

“As for the specific matters concerning the rejection of the application, I have already sent all the documents to your personal terminal, please be sure to check them out.”

“Is it my father?” Within the next second, Lu Zhizhao’s mind suddenly flashed, his whole body trembled and he looked at Steward with despair in his eyes, “Did my father say something, so even my uncle is on his side?!”

“Please be sure to check the files on your personal terminal.”

“You don’t want me to have any contact with Su Liang anymore, because you need me to be with Ah Ning. Hehe, it’s ridiculous. I thought my uncle really didn’t care about anything, but he’s still meddling in the Lu family’s affairs. Just to let the Lu family get the help of the Ning family, so, I, Lu Zhizhao, became your breeding machine! It sounds nice, hahaha, you said that I am the young master of the Lu family, but to you, I’m just a stallion for breeding—” tSwGKz

At this moment, Steward suddenly interrupted Lu Zhizhao’s painful cusses. He looked innocently at the human in front of him, and asked in an extremely friendly voice.

“I’m sorry, Young Master Lu. I can’t understand overly complicated human language. Do you wish to inquire about the latest stallion prices?”

“Shut up–”

“Okay, the Central Star Region is about to hold an auction of genetically modified purebred natural horse sperm cells in two days, and the starting price for each tube is…” uhgINE

The butler started to broadcast like the worst low-level system with an incomparably dull smile.

“I’m telling you to shut up! Shut up—”

Lu Zhizhao couldn’t bear it anymore, picked up the expensive handicraft on the desk and smashed it towards the screen.

With a crisp cracking sound, the holographic projection transmitter turned into pieces of broken parts. ps96UO

Steward also disappeared into thin air in an instant.

There was a brief silence in the room.

After that, muffled, angry murmurs rang out gradually.

“These bastards.” zOLKuT

Lu Zhizhao held his head and gasped on the spot for a long time before he recovered his composure, or in other words, recovered the “calmness” he thought he had.

“Application rejected, huh, I would like to know, what reason did you use to reject my request, Xiao Liang would not reject my communication, he would never treat me like that…”

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

In the murmur of self-comfort, Lu Zhizhao finally clicked on the electronic file on his personal terminal with red eyes.

At first, his face was full of anger, but soon, his expression turned into shock and disbelief bit by bit. hMeQWc

“How can it be?”

He frowned, flipping through the investigation report from the “Snake Den” back and forth.

He kept flipping through the same conclusion over and over again, and his breathing became more and more rapid.

“How…how could this be?” HGF7dg

In order to consolidate the marriage between Ning Jiayi and Lu Zhizhao, Su Liang was attacked.

The assailant came from the Ning family, and another branch member from the Lu was also bribed to help the Ning family.

The more he looked down, the more ugly Lu Zhizhao’s face became.



* * *



A few days later– W3Aaz5

“Young Master Lu.”

Someone knocked on the door.

The Lu private guard wearing a black suit didn’t wait for any response from the person inside the door. These days, the other party has always been like this, so the private guard didn’t have any superfluous expressions on his face.

The tall and strong private guard knocked on the door three times as required. He then pressed the code to unlock the layers of restrictions, opened the door and walked into the room. 9yA16G

The young master’s residence, which was supposed to be luxurious and comfortable, is now extremely dark and claustrophobic.

The air was filled with a thick smell of smoke.

The light was very dim, even the private guards could not accurately locate Lu Zhizhao’s figure in the messy and spacious room.

“Young Master Lu–” g8WXoA

“What is it?”

Suddenly, a ghostly figure silently appeared behind the private guard.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

The private guard turned his head and faced Lu Zhizhao.

“Ah, young master.” The private guard was taken aback, paused, and then managed to finish the rest of the sentence, “It’s time, according to the agreement, you should go to the hospital today to appease Young Master Ning with pheromones.” mFXoVA

Hearing what the private guard said, Lu Zhizhao did not respond immediately.

He just stared at the other party quietly, and the man’s back felt cold when he saw it.

To be honest, the private guards always feel that the young master of the Lu family can sometimes creep people out.

For example, right now, his gaze on people is really penetrating. NvsFGV

“Young Master Lu, you and Master Ning are childhood sweethearts, and you should also be very concerned about him. In fact, Master Ning had an attack two days ago. When we came to see you, we didn’t force you since you said you were uncomfortable. But this time, Master Ning’s symptoms are really severe, and there was an agreement at the beginning that you would treat my young master…”

The private guard said dryly to the young man in front of him. He secretly groaned in his heart, and he didn’t know what was wrong with the young master Lu in front of him—could it be that the hidden dangers of the young master of the Lu family hadn’t been cured?

Otherwise, why did he have a gloomy face when he mentioned Young Master Ning, as if he had some serious hatred?

But speaking of it, these two people have already reached the point of releasing pheromones to each other, so they just had sex. And it’s not like it’s possible for them to have such a bad relationship? nxyc0z

Just when the private guards were suspicious that Lu Zhizhao lost control again, Lu Zhizhao blinked, and suddenly showed him a weird smile.

“Ah, that’s it, then I’m really going to see him.”

Lu Zhizhao said.

Then he raised his hand and let the private guard put on the locator for himself, and then he went to the hospital under the surveillance of everyone. Ga5lXQ

When he rushed to Lu’s private hospital, Ning Jiayi in the ward was sobbing because of the onset of pheromone addiction.

“It’s so sad, Ah’Zhao, why hasn’t Ah’Zhao gege come here…”

The ward at this moment was filled with the painful murmurs of the young undifferentiated Omega.

The frail young man’s face was crimson, and fine cold sweat had already oozed from his forehead. 3KxFkX

Because the release of pheromones is an extremely private matter, with the arrival of another protagonist, Lu Zhizhao, everyone consciously left Ning Jiayi’s ward.

And as the door closed, Ning Jiayi also felt Lu Zhizhao’s scent very clearly.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“Ah’Zhao, you’ve come!”

The eyes of the young man who could barely stand up instantly lit up. bRjK18

He tried his best to hold up a smile and looked at Lu Zhizhao, waiting for the comfort he imagined from Lu Zhizhao.

However, he waited for a long time, but the Alpha standing at the door did not move.

“Ah’Zhao?”

Ning Jiayi finally couldn’t hold the smile on his face, he was a little flustered, and called Lu Zhizhao’s name again. 5Z1xF7



* * *



tn: (not) april fool’s! i speedran this so i could release before april fools was over. i’ve received numerous suggestions to split chapters into two but… i kinda don’t want to… it doesnt look good when a chapter is separated…. ehe…





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 29


“What happened? Cough… did uncle make things difficult for you again…”

Ning Jiayi endured the pain, tried his best to put on a weak and caring appearance, and asked Lu Zhizhao with difficulty. Q6C12I

The onset of pheromone addiction was far more tormenting than Ning Jiayi expected.

The unnatural pain in the back of the neck made him go crazy, every nerve seemed to be soaked in concentrated sulfuric acid. He was more eager than ever for Lu Zhizhao’s arrival. However, the man clearly saw his distressed appearance, but he just stood at the door from beginning to end, without taking a step forward.



Chrysanthemum Garden.

Having been his childhood sweetheart for so many years, Lu Zhizhao has always been very fond of Ning Jiayi. According to Ning Jiayi’s understanding of him, if there was no problem, he would never have watched his friend suffer so much without helping him.

The young alpha was observing Ning Jiayi. His scrutinizing and speculative eyes made Ning Jiayi shudder. ngjbdv

“Ah’Zhao?”



Ning Jiayi sniffled, and it didn’t take much effort to make his voice sound choked.

“Speak ah, don’t scare me.”

A faint, sweet aroma unique to undifferentiated omegas began to exude.

H3GiDX

Due to an alpha’s nature, Lu Zhizhao’s originally cold heart softened a little.

“How did Su Liang get attacked by the Ning family in the Snake Den?”

Lu Zhizhao came to Ning Jiayi’s bed step by step, and turned his head, staring into Ning Jiayi’s eyes.



Ning Jiayi blinked. He was a little comforted that his face was already ugly due to the pain, and it was impossible for him to look even worse. 7ZfKOQ

“I don’t understand what you’re saying.”

The horror in his heart did not prevent Ning Jiayi’s eyes from turning red.

He looked back at Lu Zhizhao unabashedly, and he knew very well that he couldn’t look away at this time.

He has to act calmly. RGlpgF

“Su Liang gege was attacked by my family in the ‘Snake Cave’? How is this possible?! That is the Snake Cave! Besides, why did my family want to attack—” As he spoke, Ning Jiayi pretended to have figured out what was going on, and his voice suddenly became louder.

“Did you think I did it? Because I’m engaged to you, I am black-hearted, jealous, and bold enough to take advantage of my family’s power to hurt Su Liang gege in places like the Snake Den?”

As the slender omega boy spoke, tears began to well up in his eyes, as if he had been greatly wronged.

Faced with Ning Jiayi’s tears, Lu Zhizhao, who had an extremely cold attitude, was taken aback. His face was still gloomy, but his tone softened a little imperceptibly. Z1Aovj

“The Ning family has always wanted to use you to restrain me. The fact that I like Su Liang must be very bad for them.”

Lu Zhizhao gently stroked Ning Jiayi’s scorching hot neck with his hand, and then he asked bitterly.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

For a moment, he didn’t know why he was so sad. His soul seems to have been divided into two halves, one half is the gentle, kind, and calm young master of the Lu family, who was never willing to hurt Ning Jiayi, this weak young man who always trusted him like a younger brother. However, the other half was extremely cruel and cold, and after reading all the documents from the Snake Den, he even wanted to grab Ning Jiayi’s neck, asking him why he did such a thing, why he dared to hurt his Xiao Liang——

He leaned into Ning Jiayi’s ear, and told Ning Jiayi the names of Lu He and the little follower of the Ning family word by word. VFfiJt

Hissing like a poisonous snake, he recounted what the two men had done.

“They were all bribed by the Ning family. And that person, hasn’t he been with you all the time? You really don’t know what he did?”

“It’s not like this, Ah’Zhao, listen to me, I don’t know, I really don’t know…. I never thought that they would do this, wuwuwu..”

Because of the onset of pheromone addiction, Ning Jiayi’s face was already covered with cold sweat, his limbs and bones feeling like it had been gnawed on by countless ants, the pain almost driving him crazy. A7FbYh

Ning Jiayi cursed Ning Tangsheng fervently in his heart. All the cases given to him by the latter were the feelings of what a natural omega would feel, but no one ever told him that an existence like him would feel so painful once an attack occurred.

Originally, it was necessary for him to use a large amount of drugs to suppress the rejection reaction within his body in order to develop the information glands. At this moment, it was burning his nerves like a branding iron.

Rather than saying that he needed Lu Zhizhao’s pheromones to control the natural throbbing in his body, it would be better to say that he simply wanted to relieve the pain.

But at this moment, he still has to pretend to be a natural omega, bewildered and inciting sympathy. vZHdMe

It’s not that he didn’t think that Lu Zhizhao would be aware about it before, but he really didn’t think that it would be so soon. But until now, there is no other choice, and he can only use that way…

Ning Jiayi hugged himself tightly, on the surface he was crying, but in fact he took something out of his pocket and crushed it lightly with his fingertips.

The thing was light and thin, and it turned into a translucent powder with a little force.

Ning Jiayi rubbed the powder with his hands, and when Lu Zhizhao approached him again, he threw himself into his arms, whimpering. lk9fRz

“It’s my fault.” Ning Jiayi’s cry sounded extremely desperate, “If it weren’t for me, my family wouldn’t have done anything to Su Liang gege. I’ve said many times that it’s impossible for me and you. But… wu…but…”

As if out of control, Ning Jiayi suddenly raised his hand and grabbed the glass of water on the bedside table, smashing it on the ground. He bent down with tears in his eyes, picked up a shard of broken glass and was about to stab the back of his neck. “If I dig out this information gland,only then can I guarantee Su Liang gege’s safety! After this, wouldn’t I be able to prevent becoming a stumbling block between you and him?!”

“Ah’Ning, what are you doing, have you gone crazy?”

Lu Zhizhao’s pupils suddenly constricted. He subconsciously clenched Ning Jiayi’s wrist, forcing the latter to let go of the glass. 84XFeh

But blood had already gushed out from the wound in Ning Jiayi’s palm, the bright red blood shocking their sights.





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


“P pera kjca ab jqbibulhf…la’r jii ws ojeia…” Rlcu Aljsl ijs vbkc lc Oe Itlhtjb’r jgwr. Yea bo j mfgajlc lcralcma, tf cbalmfv atja atf ragjcuf jegj atja ilcufgfv bc Oe Itlhtjb’r ybvs atja wjvf tlw agfwyif tjv vlrrlqjafv.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“If I dig out the information glands, it won’t be so uncomfortable. I really don’t want to be an Omega, Ah Zhao, I’d rather be like Su Liang gege, just an ordinary Beta…”

Rlcu Aljsl mglfv ktlif ajixlcu, atf qjlc lc tlr ybvs wjvf tlw ecjyif ab mbcagbi tlr afjgr. d3pDTc

Of course, the tears welling up this time were real, and he was going berserk with his pheromone addiction.

“Ah’Zhao, I’m really in pain…”

While crying, Ning Jiayi put his arms around Lu Zhizhao. But this time Lu Zhizhao didn’t push him away.

“Never mind.” 0Fi3pU

Lu Zhizhao’s face didn’t change for a long time.

Ning Jiayi’s pheromone smelled sweeter and softer than before, it enveloped Lu Zhizhao, and finally, Lu Zhizhao let out a painful sigh.

“You are just a tool.” Lu Zhizhao couldn’t help but hug the thin boy in his arms, “…you and I are just tools to be manipulated.”

However, Ning Jiayi didn’t care about Lu Zhizhao’s whispers. TDk8vo

He tore off his neckline roughly, then lowered his head and buried his face on Lu Zhizhao’s shoulder.

“Ah’Zhao, I beg you, just bite me.”

He sobbed.

“I feel terrible.” nYv6PV

The soft limbs were tightly entangled with the young Alpha, but the latter was wrapped in sweet pheromone, and became a little weak, unable to push away the young man on him at all.

“Ah’Ning, I… I can’t do it.” Panting, Lu Zhizhao said with difficulty, “I thought about it, and I think it’s not okay to go on like this. If Su Liang knew that you and I had become like this, he probably wouldn’t come back to me again.”

“He won’t know, Ah’Zhao, as long as neither of us tells, he won’t know.” Ning Jiayi leaned into Lu Zhizhao’s ear and said pitifully, “…Even if he really knows, it doesn’t matter. How could a kind-hearted person like Su Liang gege feel grudges because of this kind of thing. He should also know that you made such a choice for him. ”

“Ah’Ning, don’t be like this—” q3Xbw4

“Azhao, think about it, it would be a good thing if he was really angry. He cares about you, that’s why he would be angry. It’s okay. You and I are just friends.It’s okay, you and I are just friends, I never thought of disturbing you, when this matter is over, I will hide away and never bother you…”

The sweet pheromone flooded in, and gradually Lu Zhizhao couldn’t hear Ning Jiayi’s whispers clearly.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

All his attention was on the back of the boy’s neck.

The immature information glands are wrapped under the skin, constantly tempting him. hVSOT1

It wasn’t supposed to be like this.

This vague, conscious thought flashed by.

But soon, the alpha’s deep-seated instincts took over. When he realized it, Lu Zhizhao found that he had bitten the back of Ning Jiayi’s neck fiercely. But he, who was supposed to release a little bit of pheromone to quickly relieve the other, actually bit deeper because of some strong urge.

The sweet, seductive scent embraced him, and in a trance, Lu Zhizhao even felt as if he had turned into a real Alpha, and the person hugged by him… GLM7dt

It was Su Liang.

He is marking his Xiao Liang.

But this time, he will not allow any resistance from the other party.

“Wu……” DOifWq

The Alpha’s pheromones poured into the back of Ning Jiayi’s neck, along with the bite.

A hot current surged, and the severe pain eased.

The young man couldn’t help letting out a contented moan.

With the pain receding and the heat not yet fully occupying the gaps in his body, Ning Jiayi secretly sprinkled the last bit of powder between his fingers on the corner of the bed. AjcJS8

It was a specimen of the Leiya Flower.

A few days ago, Ning Jiayi’s understanding of the Leiya Flower was the same as that of everyone in the Earth Alliance – it was just a rare, alien flower.

As the young master of the Ning family, he may know a little more than ordinary people. He knows that these Leiya Flowers are extremely rare. And the fragrance it emits is the only medicine that can appease the mental riots of high-level Alphas.

Also, it has no side effects. QpW sd

No one has really researched the principle of it.

But not long ago, the research institute under the Ning family accidentally discovered some extremely special effects of the Leiya Flower.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

For extremely high-level alpha omega partners with a compatibility degree of more than 90, the fragrance of these Leiya flowers will amplify the spiritual and physical attraction between the two in all aspects. So, in other words, it was a special drug that stimulates physiological instincts through and through.

[“You should be thankful that there are only a handful of alpha-omega couples with a compatibility of more than 90 in this world. In addition, this thing itself is too small, and there is no experimental report at all, otherwise this thing wouldn’t even reach your hands. You know, we don’t have the results of physical experiments yet, but according to data deduction, the effect of Leiya Flowers will continue to strengthen as Alpha’s level rises. “] Iu9W1a

Before Ning Jiayi’s pheromone addiction broke out, Ning Tangsheng gave him a specimen of Leiya flower, looked at his younger brother with a half-smile and said softly.

【”It can even work on S-class Alphas, and, with man’s current means of detection, there is no trace at all.”】

【”If I were you, I would use it cautiously. After all, this thing will be gone when it is used up. Whether you can use it to bind Lu Zhizhao depends on your skills.”】

The flower specimens left by the Leiya mission many years ago are already dull in color and as crisp as candy wrappers. odqwSi

It looks so ordinary.

Ning Jiayi actually didn’t intend to use it, he was somewhat confident, having been with Lu Zhizhao for so many years, and he was such a highly compatible Omega, he felt that he didn’t need to use external force to seduce Lu Zhizhao at all.

But today, he really had no choice.

Lu Zhizhao’s persecution was so terrifying, and the revelation of the matter came so quickly. keYzRm

In desperation, he could only lightly crush the precious Leiya flowers..

Everything that happened after that was within Ning Jiayi’s expectations.

Yes, Lu Zhizhao finally believed him, just like so many times before.

Moreover, as Ning Jiayi hoped, what Lu Zhizhao did to him was not just a simple release of pheromones. X8NMV

Lu Zhizhao’s actions were fierce and greedy, he recklessly injected Ning Jiayi’s immature information glands with pheromones that belonged exclusively to an alpha.

It hurts, and… very humiliating.

But at the same time, Ning Jiayi must also admit that being severely marked by such a highly compatible Alpha would be such an intoxicating joy.



* * *



“Hiss, it hurts.” dmryOQ

Su Liang gasped lightly, and retracted his fingers from the edge of the leaves of the Leiya plant.

The texture of the Leiya plant is very tough, and a lot of new leaves have been drawn out these days. The shape of the new leaves is not the same as before. It is thin and tough. If you are not careful when watering, it is easy to be wounded.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

In the past few days, Su Liang has been slightly cut by these leaves several times.

Most of them don’t bleed, but it hurts enough. jc08Ke

It’s really…

Su Liang sighed.

Before watering today, he still thought that he must not get wounded again, only to get wounded again because of absent-mindedness.

And this dazed state has lasted for several days. Ip20zE

Su Liang has been trying to make himself more energetic, but as long as his nerves relax a little, he will return to his original state.

It has been less than half a month since Mr. Si arrived last time, and Su Liang thought that he had survived the most difficult period of information gland development. Who knows, before he knew it, he seemed to have returned to the very first night.

He felt a little restless in my heart.

A wonderful emptiness. JvPfES

It’s like a piece of his soul was missing, he can’t concentrate at all, and his mind is full of the thought of combat uniforms…

Su Liang shivered, then took a deep breath, forcing himself to withdraw his thoughts from the aroma of a certain black combat uniform.

Yes, Su Liang started to want to sleep with that combat uniform again these days.

…it was very shameful. zWXRUn

Also very perverted.

But this time, Su Liang was well prepared. He put the combat uniform in another room and locked it up, and tried his best to train himself every day, resolutely not allowing himself to get any closer to the combat uniform.

Judging from the current situation, Su Liang’s rationality still defeated instinct. But the price of doing this is that he has been wandering around the huge villa these days, unable to concentrate on his studies at all.

Obviously he had already locked this combat uniform, but whenever he lost focus, he always felt that nice smell lingering in his nose, which haunted him in dreams. 4wT5Y

Is the pheromone confusion reaction caused by the development of information glands so long and difficult?

Several times, Su Liang couldn’t help but call Steward. He couldn’t bear it anymore, he just wanted to use some medicine to control his chaotic and abnormal impulse.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

However, even though he is now very close to Steward, Su Liang still gets stuck whenever he wants to speak.

He really didn’t know how to talk to Steward about his symptoms—he didn’t have the high fever, lethargy, and bad temper that other people usually had. Tiredness and dizziness did not appear at all except on the first day. Q3FOJn

His only symptom is that he wants to sleep with another Alpha’s clothes in his arms.

This kind of nesting-like desire teased his nerves, and even made him endure a dull pain in his chest.

He didn’t know how to relieve his unsightly and unspeakable impulse. The only thing he could do in the end was to put all his attention on growing flowers. Well, it was the Leiya plants that were neatly transplanted outside his villa by robots not long ago.

Those Leiya plants are indeed as tenacious as Steward said they were. During Su Liang’s absence, their color became very dim, and they looked as if they were going to die at any time, but after being transplanted to the garden outside the villa, they became extremely lush again in just a few days. 9Ad0ka

It is so lush that it makes people worry about whether they are over-nourished.

The most exaggerated thing is that after Su Liang took care of these Leiya plants for a period of time, he keenly noticed that there were some changes in them. Some of the Leiya plants grew sharp leaves that could cut people, and in the layers of those leaves’ protection, the slender and pure white flower poked its head out bit by bit.

Su Liang never thought that he could really raise Leiya flowers.

If he hadn’t confirmed it with Steward, it would be hard for him to imagine that this small, seemingly ordinary little white flower turned out to be the extremely cherished Leiya flower. zGuql7

Compared with the magnificent and gorgeous leaves, these small white flowers really look inconspicuous.

[“The Leiya flowers are the most sacred flowers in the classics of the Leiya people. According to records, only ‘destined’ couples are eligible to wear this flower on the wedding night. Of course, for people on earth, the most important function of these flowers is to appease the mental power of high-level Alphas who run amok. You also know that the higher the level of Alpha, the more useless medicine is for them, so this thing is quite valuable. By the way, now they are more or less the result of your work, and you have the right to decide whether to keep them or not. Do you need me to help you put them on the star network? “]

When the first Leiya flower bloomed, Su Liang called Steward. At that time, the artificial intelligence chattered endlessly, which opened up Su Liang’s prospects.

It seemed extremely eager to make more money for Su Liang, but Su Liang interrupted it dumbfoundedly, and then reminded: “I remember that Patriarch Lu…should also need them, right? Otherwise,why would you plant these Leiya plants in the Snake Den?” oy0z4q

Then, Su Liang made an agreement with the steward, and when the Leiya flowers bloomed again, they would be sent to Patriarch Lu.

Although according to Steward, the level of the snake cave master is too high, and the pheromone disorder has lasted for too many years, even the Leiya flower is probably useless. But Su Liang still wants to try.

After all, since entering the “Snake Den”, although he has not actually met the rumored old monster, Su Liang can still feel that he is actually protected by the snake lord.

There is really not much he can do, and the only thing he can do to give back to the kind snake lord is probably these few insignificant little flowers. GhYuUa

“It would be great if it was really useful. After all, you are also a holy alien flower, so you need to give some help.”

Thinking of this, Su Liang sighed, and he muttered softly, leaning forward and smelling those little white flowers.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Those incomparably precious, incomparably rare, incomparably sacred little flowers smell like nothing at all.

Is it because he was a beta? 8od zX

Su Liang wrinkled his nose, then stood up.

He could only pray that the rumored incomparably powerful double S-level Alpha like Lu Taipan can smell it…

The moment Su Liang thought so, he suddenly turned his head as if feeling something.

A tall, pitch-black figure stood not far away, looking at him silently. IMehPL

“I came for my combat uniform.”

Facing Su Liang’s surprised gaze, the man was silent for a while, and then his magnetic whisper came out from behind the mask.

The reunion with Su Liang was so fast, even Lu Taipan himself never thought of it.

Of course, he did promise that he would come to Su Liang again, but… anyway, it couldn’t be for such a ridiculous reason as “coming to get the forgotten combat uniform”. McfVnX

The real reason why he appeared in the Secret Garden was because Steward reported Su Liang’s abnormality to him.

The young, clumsy Beta, who was struggling to develop his information glands, did not know whether it was because of his physical discomfort or other reasons. So he contacted Steward several times, but then hesitated and sent Steward away.

The daily routine medical examination showed that Su Liang’s information glands were developing fairly well.

【”…There are a few values ​​that are not quite right, but his information glands redeveloped under abnormal circumstances, and this degree of disorder is acceptable. His body also needs to re-adapt to the newly grown glands. “] 3n6Kiz

Steward said to Lu Taipan.

【”But the problem is here, we can’t use the observation of medical equipment as the final result, because his current situation is very special. It is very likely that everything is normal according to the data, but for Master Su Liang, he may already be very uncomfortable. However, Young Master Su Liang has always been tolerant, and I don’t know if he is embarrassed to ask me for help. I’m so distressed, is it because I’m an automata, so Master Su Liang can’t trust me completely? “]

Steward made a bitter expression in front of Lu Taipan.

“…” y5d1bZ

Lu Taipan glanced at the very happy artificial intelligence, but did not respond.

For the next whole day, he behaved as usual, as if he was not affected in any way.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

Until the evening, the Alpha commander, who was supposed to be doing physical training, changed the schedule that had been unshakable for many years for the first time.

“I’m just going to check on Su Liang’s basic physical condition.” 1q6hiC

The man whispered dryly, cold and hard, it sounded like it was coming from a machine.

But when he stood under the tree and looked at Su Liang, there was a tenderness that he himself had never noticed.





* * *



sorry for the absence! got busy for a bit, this chapter was 6.6k characters long _(:3/ hope you enjoy! E7aMJ2





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 30


Mr. Si’s arrival undoubtedly made Su Liang very happy.

It was a kind of joy that was difficult to describe in words: it was as if an emptiness within him had been filled. 0ElpOs

The emptiness that seemed to itch his skin slightly, vanished in an instant.

Even Mr. Si remained silent as always, a cold expression on his face.



Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

But the sheer fact that he was in this room was enough to make Su Liang feel fulfilled and at ease.

If Su Liang didn’t know himself very well, he would almost think that he fell in love with Mr. Si at first sight. 2qN8tW

All his feelings, including his body’s reactions, were like those of a high school boy whose IQ and EQ plummeted, leaving him completely out of control.



No, even in his previous life where his IQ dropped sharply because of his feelings, even when he and Lu Zhizhao were in the deepest of love, Su Liang never had such a strong physical emotion.

This point was also emphatically mentioned in the information sent to him by Steward. The development of pheromone glands can also seriously affect a person’s mood. Sometimes, some unlucky ones will have unique reactions.

Well, at this moment, Su Liang could only think about that unlucky case again.

HrQROg

Su Liang stubbornly, dumbfoundedly, blushingly, finally gritted his teeth and read the complete follow-up of that case.

Thinking of the fate of that unlucky guy, Su Liang’s dizzy mind instantly cleared up.

In short, he must not mistake this hormonal impulse caused by the development of information glands for his real emotions. Whether or not he’s blushing or his heart was beating, or even stumbling around like a doe, they were all just negative body reactions caused by chaotic pheromones….



Just when Su Liang thought so, he heard a question from Mr. Si. Pzj w1

“Is there anything unusual about your body these past few days?”

“……..”

This may be the last problem Su Liang wanted to face right now.

There was none. ZeUHSE

Su Liang wanted to say his body was in good condition.

The only thing was that he always wants to sleep with the combat uniform belonging to the man in front of him.

On this matter, even if Su Liang was lent another ten layers of face, he would not be able to say it in front of Mr. Si.

“I’m fine. Mr Steward has been following up on my situation. He said that the data he got from my inspection was very good, haha…” zsmdNW

He calmed himself forcefully and spoke to Lu Taipan, not knowing that his expression and eyes had already revealed the truth.

“Really?”

Chrysanthemum Garden.

Lu Taipan frowned slightly, slightly agitated due to Su Liang’s concealment.

He got up suddenly and came to Su Liang. WdNAkU

“Mr. Si?!”

The boy froze because of the man’s sudden approach.

“Your face is a little red.”

Lu Taipan lowered his eyes, pausing his sight unconsciously on Su Liang’s lips for a moment. 5rTmKv

That was a lip shape that’s perfect for kissing.

Within the next second, the Snake Lord withdrew his gaze, and quickly dismissed the bad thoughts that suddenly arose in his mind.

He raised his hand, touching Su Liang’s wrist lightly with his fingertips.

“Pulse is fifteen percent faster than normal.” 0qS6ns

The man accurately judged Su Liang’s physical condition.

“Your body temperature… is also a little high.”

With the latter sentence, Lu Taipan lost his composure for a moment.

Accompanied by Su Liang’s high body temperature, the vague, delicate and sweet fragrance seemed to come out, and then spread through the small area of skin contact between the two of them. YJS2Ee

The Snake Den master’s incomparably strong and calm nerves seemed to be snagged by a thin hook.

“Are you sure you don’t need additional treatment?”

Lu Taipan kept his face expressionless and asked calmly.

The powerful oppressive force of the double S-ranked Alpha did not rescind because of the man’s restraint. 7kryH0

Hearing Mr Si’s extremely calm question, Su Liang even had difficulty breathing.

Is it an illusion…

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

He always felt that there seemed to be a wisp of pheromone unique to the alpha, slowly rushing towards him.

It was a subtle icy breath mixed with tempting incense. qVHSby

It was exactly the same as the residual breath on that combat uniform.

“I’m just… the weather is hot! Yes, it’s just because it’s too hot!”

With a simple distinction, Su Liang almost bit his own tongue.

Before Lu Taipan could speak again, SU Liang turned around immediately. Because, if he didn’t leave quickly, he might fall and stumble into Mr Si’s arms again because of his weak legs. SsURXB

God knows what’s going on, but no matter how hard he tries, as soon as he gets close to the other party, he can’t help but become dizzy, lose his strength, and do all kinds of strange things.





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


“P’ii ub ufa sbe sbeg mbwyja eclobgw–”

Ve Oljcu gertfv eq ab atf rfmbcv oibbg.

Lf bqfcfv atf vbbg jcv gertfv lcab atf gbbw, jcv abbx j vffq ygfjat klat tlr yjmx jujlcra atf mbiv vbbg qjcfi obg j ibcu alwf yfobgf tf wjcjufv ab rajylilhf tlr tfjgayfja. bSj4nl

Qtfc tf kjr ublcu ab ufa tlr mbwyja eclobgw, tf lcjvnfgafcais qjrrfv atf oibbg-ab-mflilcu wlggbg lc atf gbbw.

Then he was taken aback by the man in the mirror with bright eyes and flushed cheeks. He didn’t even know that he had such an expression?!

It’s a bit embarrassing.

Su Liang couldn’t help but reach out and cover his nape. Zl1wNa

It seems that no matter what, he has to have the courage to ask Steward for his assistance. The problem caused by the development of his information glands may be more serious than he thought…

Su Liang thought in despair.

If he doesn’t try to restrain this strange side effect of craving for an alpha, Su Liang suspects that the next time he sees Mr. Si, he may lose his composure and commit sexual harassment.

Su Liang dawdled on the second floor for a while, and after reassuring that he had calmed down, returned downstairs with the combat uniform. JNeFxI

When handing the leather combat uniform in his arms to Mr. Si, Su Liang’s mood was actually super complicated.

He was finally able to return these things to its rightful owner, and he didn’t have to worry about his actions. He sighed in relief.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

But on the other hand…

Su Liang had to admit that, affected by that damned “nesting” instinct, he really didn’t want to return these things to Mr. Si at all. 18kqRl

Well, to be honest, not only did he not want to return it, but there was even a little devil-like voice in his body that kept clamoring for him to grab something from the lonely and indifferent man in front of him and take it for himself..

For this reason, Su Liang couldn’t even control himself, and snuck a few glances at Mr Si from the corners of his eye.

It’s a pity that today, Mr. Si is wearing a full set of overall combat uniform, every inch of his muscles is tightly covered by special light-absorbing materials, and there is nothing that can be taken off except for the leather belt around his shoulders and chest. …

Wait, what was he thinking about?! Po4H 5

Su Liang’s mentality was about to collapse.

It was only for a moment, but he was possessed by instinct again.

Moreover, he guessed that his immoral and obscene thoughts had probably been leaked inadvertently through his words and actions.

Because Lu Taipan’s movements just now seemed a bit stiff. JSVGWv

But when Su Liang looked at him again, the latter quickly returned to his original calm appearance.

Of course, Su Liang would not know that Lu Taipan’s unnatural behavior at that moment did not come from the young beta’s lingering gaze.

His stiffness was only because, the moment he took over the combat uniform, he was keenly aware of the sweet aroma on the combat uniform that did not belong to him.

The faint, unique breath of Su Liang is overlapping with Lu Taipan’s own pheromone, mixing on the combat uniform. 8PDsEZ

The overlapping of pheromones between one person and another is really too exquisite.

Certain memories that shouldn’t be recalled suddenly reappeared in the mind of the Snake Den Master.

Moreover, every detail is overly vivid.

For example, the boy whimpered and struggled feebly back then. 4lE79w

Another example is when the teeth pierced the information glands, what he perceived was the faint scent of ecstasy.

He put on his combat uniform on Su LIang himself, so it was quite normal for it to be contaminated with the other’s pheromones.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

The beta’s scent was actually quite faint, it’s just that his perception was too sharp.

Lu Taipan said to himself. B4f6Ov

But in fact, Su Liang was just a beta who has not yet fully differentiated yet, and the pheromone’s scent was extremely weak. What did the boy do to make the combat uniform heavy with the scent of sweet pheromones… and have it never fully dissipate?

Lu Taipan didn’t even dare to think deeper about it.

Because just that faint wisp of fragrance has managed to agitate his already unstable pre-rut physique.

After a few, hidden deep breaths, Lu Taipan shifted his posture rather awkwardly. zphO3J

He should leave quickly.

Lu Taipan’s rationality made an accurate judgment.

Perhaps it was due to his incoming rut, or perhaps it was because the pheromones he released to the boy in front of him caused his instincts to go haywire. In short, he realized very clearly that the instability within his body was caused by Su Liang’s existence.

What he should do is to get away from Su Liang quickly, return to the medical bay immediately, replace the high-strength inhibitor, and then, soak himself in the calm pool – that which looked like an underwater grave. wJRgNc

Those viscous, cold, suffocating sedatives would bring him back to normal, and bring everything back to normal.

But Lu Taipan didn’t move.

For the first time in his life, the thing called “rationality” within him was defeated because Su Liang was by his side.

On Su Liang’s side, well, he has given up trying to save his image. 2LWChr

In fact, he didn’t want to make himself too stupid and out of character in front of Mr. Si. After all, he was really not this kind of person before the development of his information glands.

But reality…

Ah, whatever.

Because of anxiety, nervousness, and various other emotions that even Su Liang himself can’t comprehend, he was chattering like a fool in front of Mr. Si. 94CR01

In the beginning, he just wanted to relieve his emotions and divert Mr. Si’s attention, so that the other party would not think of his abnormal peeping and longing.

As a result, in the end, without knowing it, Su Liang blurted out many things that he had never told anyone about.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

For example, he wanted to work as a teacher in the 48th district – he didn’t even dare to tell Su Nuan about this matter, because he could guess that his sister would be very worried and very resistant to it.

Another example is the crude lesson plan he was writing, the textbook specially thought out for the children in the 48th District, which would probably attract merciless ridicule in front of any teacher in the Central Star District, but Su Liang can only bite the bullet and write it himself. ZsCgmz

“…The living environment of those children should be different from other places, and ordinary textbooks are not suitable for them. I wanted to put some more practical things in their textbooks, but when I started, I found that I myself don’t know what is meant by ‘practicality’.”

“Those kids stuff themselves in ragged mechas and rob other gangs before they get on their way. Many young people died in the explosions because of the extreme instability of those mechas. If they could only know a little about the mecha structures, or receive a little formal mecha training, they might be able to survive.” At this point, Su Liang stopped, smiling bitterly. “But then, when I wrote it, I realized that I’ve never been in a mecha myself.”

In this world, even among omegas with weak physical strength, there were extraordinarily talented individuals who can use their strong mental strength to offset their weak physical strength and operate mechas.

But a beta’s mental power is just like their pheromones. Despite having them, it was extremely weak. jdR9uZ

Especially betas like Su Liang who don’t even have information glands, lacking the help of pheromones and not even having a spiritual sea.

Therefore, even though he was an excellent student representative of Xingchuan University, there will always be nothing on the grade column of the “Practical Mecha Operation” course.

The lack of course grades caused by physical limitations will not affect Su Liang’s overall grades, and he also thought that he had accepted the reality a long time ago.

However, when faced with the problem of mechas, he will inevitably be a little frustrated. AdNtns

He originally thought that he would never be able to reveal this frustration to anyone.. But when he came to his senses, he realized that he had spoken everything.

“Mecha?”

After hearing Su Liang’s distress, the man on the sofa seemed a little confused, and frowned slightly.

Hearing Mr Si’s whisper, Su Liang came back to his senses, and his face suddenly became hot again. e0SkmX

“Ah, don’t pay attention to my nonsense, I’m just complaining. A Viper like Mr. Si may never imagine that there are people in this world who can’t even open the mecha’s hatch. Well, after all, even the cabin door needs to recognise mental power, and my mental power can’t even reach the minimum limit, haha.”

Su Liang laughed bitterly at himself.

Everything that happened in his previous life had already made him accept his mediocrity.

Also, his extreme failure of a life., dHLsk7

“You are very capable.”

But Su Liang never expected that the taciturn man would speak abruptly at this time.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“I heard from Steward that you have cultivated Leiya’s flowers.” The man looked at Su Liang intently, those eyes that were particularly oppressive because of their extreme darkness, now looked very gentle and sincere at this moment. “There are countless people in this world who can activate mechas, but as far as I know, there should only be one person’s spiritual power in the entire Earth Alliance, who can make the Leiya flowers bloom.”

“That person is you.” hTfZLy

“You are a very cherished existence… you are a human being worthy of protection.”

Mr Si was obviously not the kind of person who was good at encouraging others.

The latter sentence may even sound a bit strange, but at this moment Su Liang felt that his whole body had become light and soft.

He was indeed comforted. 9m31H0

“That’s not wrong, I seem to be very capable.”

Suppressing the constant surge in his chest, as if the strange emotions that were about to burst out of his body, Su Liang admitted, with some embarrassment.

“The last time humans saw the Leiya flowers was when the Leiya missionaries stayed on earth, and the Leiya flowers have never bloomed since then. Lu Taipan observed Su Liang’s expression calmly, and after confirming that the latter’s mood had indeed improved, he breathed a sigh of relief. “Leiya flowers need special conditions to bloom, and the most important one is to cultivate them with spiritual power. They seem to have a certain response to spiritual power, but we have not researched the correlation thus far…”

“Then, the Leiya flowers are really precious,” Su Liang couldn’t help but mutter. “It’s too bad… If I had known earlier, I would’ve told Steward to keep some.” T9IxUa

“What?”

“I heard that the Leiya flowers can appease the mental violence of high-level alphas, so when they first bloomed, I had already discussed with Steward that after most of them bloomed, they would then be transferred to the mainland to be given to the Lu Patriarch.” Su Liang sighed with regret.

As he spoke, he felt his face getting redder and redder.

“If I had known that it was such a precious thing, I should have left one for you.” dkYlK2

Su Liang said this sentence very, very quietly.

“….”

Mr Si was silent for a while.

When his silence was enough to unnerve Su Liang, he suddenly asked. “Don’t you hate Lu Taipan?” HxTbLD

The Viper Soldier who should have been loyal to the Snake Lord asked a rather strange question.

“Of course I don’t hate him.”

Chrysanthemum Garden.

Su Liang didn’t think too much, and immediately responded.

“However, he is a murderous executioner. He killed many Canaanites and many Earthlings.” OWYSiJ

The man’s voice seemed to be a little hoarse than before.

Su Liang looked at Mr. Si in confusion: “That’s right, but those so-called ‘Earthlings’’ who were killed by the Snake Lord were later proved to be traitors, didn’t they? The reason why the Canaanites were able to push the front line so quickly in the beginning was because a large number of people secretly colluded with the Canaanites and betrayed the secrets of the earth government at that time. ”

Even the “Snake Den” suffered a lot of unbearable losses because of the betrayal of this group of people during this period.

Countless vipers died in vain, including the previous head of the Lu Family. How old was Lu Taipan back then? Sixteen, or was it seventeen? While other earthling youths were still shivering under the wings of their parents, Lu Taipan had already become the master of the Snake Den, and then stepped onto the bloody battlefield. wRvo x

As for the past, Mr Si, who was a viper, should have been clear about it.

“Considering Lu Taipan’s power after the war, maybe he forged the crimes of those traitors, and everything was done to justify his indiscriminate slaughter-”

“Mr Si!”

Su Liang couldn’t help but interrupt the man. jdRl4K

He frowned tightly and looked at the other in confusion.

“I don’t understand why you’d say that. I don’t think Patriarch Lu is that kind of person… I don’t think you should be like this either.”

After a while, the beta spoke weakly.

“Although it is said that in order to weaken his influence, the Earth Federation deliberately erased many things on the grounds of confidentiality, and then there are suspicions of deliberately pouring dirty water on the Snake Lord… But Mr. Si should know the truth.” mocFZC

Lu Taipan was startled for a moment, then took a deep look at Su Liang.

“I’m used to too many people misunderstanding…his actions.”

The man said softly.

“After all, on Earth, most people think that ‘he’ of the Lu family is just a lunatic who is very good at killing people.” q uoFi

Maybe it was an illusion, Su Liang actually heard a hint of sarcasm from the last whisper.

This made Su Liang’s chest feel a little sour for no reason.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“I think he’s a nice guy.”

Su Liang has been writing textbooks during this time, so he checked a lot of materials that he hadn’t studied carefully before, and then he discovered that without Lu Taipan, most of the Earth Alliance might have fallen… 2tuiMT

It can be said that the Lu family, no, it should be said that all the status and power of the “Snake Den” are taken for granted.

Because they, and Lu Taipan, really paid too much.

But until now, what everyone remembers the most is Lu Taipan’s loss of mental power caused by sequelae after the war, and his cruel and brutal methods of executing traitors.

The people of the Earth Alliance have been given the best care throughout the war. The vast majority of civilians in the safe zone did not really see the tragic battles on the alien battlefield. However, they saw the horror and violence of Lu Taipan afterwards. RHYiZe

Then, under the deliberate guidance of some people, Lu Taipan changed from a “hero” to a “bloodthirsty lunatic”.

“Even I was almost fooled. I’ve been in the Lu family for so long, just looking at those people in the Lu family—forget it, let’s not mention them.” Thinking of the arrogance and lust shown by many members of the Lu family, Su Liang hesitated to speak, but his eyes couldn’t hide his disgust.

“The Snake Lord deserves more respect. He is a hero and a good person. It’s a pity that most of the information about him is confidential. If there is a chance, I would really like to know more about his past.”

Mr. Si fell silent again. Jdb6 l

Su Liang reacted, and immediately said in a panic. “Is it inappropriate for me to say that, sorry, I also know that all matters involving the Patriarch are very confidential. I won’t try anything, I just thought that person was so nice but It hurts to be misunderstood all the time…”

Lu Taipan was looking at Su Liang.

It’s strange.

He thinks. m6Nr50

Ever since he was aware, everyone’s evaluation of him seems to be: cold, extremely rational, and emotionally indifferent.

He was the perfect war machine that led the Lu Family to glory.

It was precisely because of this that he has never cared about anyone’s evaluation of him, and he does not need to care, because in his mind, there were always only missions to complete.

But now, he was like the most superficial, stupid and idiotic male alphas, arguing with others, trying to figure out what someone else really thinks of him. 2gdYJG

The strangest thing was that when he actually heard those words, he felt very happy.

It was so pleasant that he almost couldn’t control his body instincts.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

Lu Taipan smelled a refreshing scent.

It wasn’t strong, but it had him hooked. wuHlIf

Was it some kind of sweet fruit, or a flower…

It was juicy, tender, and sweet.

This fragrance made Lu Taipan unable to control his eyes to stay on Su Liang’s lips and neck.

The damned alpha instinct continued to wreak havoc in his body and affect his sanity. buMJ3R

He wanted to hold Su Liang down, right now, right here—he wanted to press the completely defenseless boy directly under him, forcing him to turn his back on him, and then he will bend down and bite the boy’s slender neck with his teeth, just like a bloodthirsty beast in the primitive era bites its prey.

Of course, what he wanted to do afterward would be much animalistic and wilder than the beast.

Lu Taipan licked his teeth, and his marking teeth began to swell and ache again. It was eager to pierce another person’s information gland, eager to release Alpha’s pheromone, so that it could squeeze out the sticky aroma from the information gland that belonged to the beta, who was still in the differentiation period.

His instinct needs to use that fragrance to feed the greedy beast that has gradually awakened in the depths of his soul. 42hUfw

Lu Taipan’s body was tense.

“Mr Si, what’s wrong?”

Even Su Liang, who was dense, noticed that something was wrong with Lu Taipan at this time, and he leaned forward subconsciously.

And when Lu Taipan came back to his senses, he realized that he had stretched out his hand involuntarily. Ifs0TA





* * *



extra chapter should be published tomorrow o7

trying to keep schedule of posting twice a week… sorry for the abrupt disappearance A 5I6s





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 31


Just in a short while, Lu Taipan was about to grasp Su Liang’s shoulders, push him down on the sofa, and then turn the wild fantasy in his mind into reality. His body had completely gone against his will and went fully out of control. At this moment, the Snake Den’s master was almost mad with thirst.

Particularly, Su Liang clearly saw his movements, but still did not resist. qWdKxX

At this moment, the young beta’s eyes widened blankly, remaining motionless, as if he was completely unaware that Lu Taipan had already bent over him at this moment.

Lu Taipan even felt that as long as he wanted to, he could easily bite the boy’s neck, and then roughly pour his hot pheromones into the boy’s body.



Chrysanthemum Garden.

If he wasn’t clear on the fact that Su Liang has always been a beta, who was ignorant of the kinds of ambiguities between alphas and omegas, Lu Taipan will almost regard Su Liang’s actions as a kind of ‘invitation’.

The kind of… an invitation that would allow him to do whatever he wanted with the boy. JNkxma

“Mr Si, what’s the matter? Is there something wrong?”



However, at the moment before his rationality crumbled to dust, Lu Taipan still came back to his senses due to the slightly trembling young man’s call.

The young man’s damp eyes, full of intimacy and trust, made Lu Taipan calm down a lot immediately.

His hot fingertips changed direction slightly, and instead of restraining the young beta forcefully, they lightly brushed against Su Liang’s neck, and finally landed on the young man’s collar.

akDtEr

Lu Taipan lowered his eyes to hide the heat in his eyes, and straightened Su Liang’s collar for him.

“Your clothes are a little messy.”

Slowly and gently, the Snake Den’s lord smoothed Su Liang’s collar bit by bit, and then ‘explained’ after a while.



Yet again, his voice was slightly hoarse. 9kj7TJ

“Thank, thank you.”

Compared to what was wrong with Lu Taipan, Su Liang was actually not much better. He seemed to be in a daze, and it took him a long time to answer.

He still maintained his previous posture, unable to move his body – it had gone completely limp, even if he tried to shift a little, he was sure that he would fall into Mr Si’s arms, as if his bones had been stolen away.

So he didn’t dare to move at all. S03EH4

The flush spread from the base of his neck to his cheeks at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Naturally, Su Liang didn’t want to admit that he was completely flustered. Mr Si’s fingers look so pale and slender, but they were extremely hot to the touch, as if there were tiny sparks burning in those fingers with beautiful joints.

When tidying up his collar, the man’s fingers would occasionally brush past his neck, and then the sparks would seemingly land on Su Liang’s body, burning him until he had to clench his teeth so that he wouldn’t flinch.

Su Liang felt that he could hardly breathe. UQcsEO

The damp, cold aroma in the air seemed to gradually acquire an ambiguous temperature, and along with every breath, it penetrated into the deepest part of his body little by little. It made Su Liang feel dizzy all over.

The troublesome new information gland in the back of the beta’s neck began to show its presence again, and the small, secret trembling sensation gradually went down the spine along the gland.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

Su Liang was in chaos.

“I, I didn’t even notice that the collar was messed up…” PoMck7

He said dryly, his mind blank.

As if God felt his embarrassment at this time and decided to save this poor beta who was already dizzy, just when Su Liang felt that he might faint and harass Mr Si, a buzzer came from Mr Si’s waist.

It was the sound of the emergency contact sound, which meant that there was something urgent. Despite it being low in volume, it was enough to shake up the two who were close to each other, making them separate instantly.

“Ahem, sorry to disturb you, my dear master-” GJMPzC

A somewhat weak voice of an artificial intelligence came from Lu Taipan’s earphone.

“But please allow me to inform you that our temporary acting patriarch, Mr Lu Zhengen, is sending you an urgent message. This message has an S-level authority, and the content of the request is confidential. I cannot handle it for you.”

The AI displayed a fairly realistic sense of helplessness.

“By the way, an hour ago, the acting patriarch Lu Zhengen himself had arrived at the Snake Den and applied for a meeting with you. It seems that he really has something very important to discuss with you.” BEV1K5

It was obviously not a pleasant event for someone like Lu Zhengen to come in person, and even be willing to wait outside the Snake Den for an hour.

Lu Taipan’s expression remained unchanged, looking as calm as ever… but Steward observed the data of the Snake Den’s Master, and prayed for a certain acting patriarch without an ounce of sympathy within its heart.

It hoped that Lu Zhengen can leave the Snake Den alive today.

It was aware that Lu Taipan seemed to be in a bad mood today. CWhGqz

It thought, and spontaneously adjusted the various procedures in the medical center to the ‘ready’ state.

“I have to leave now.”





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Lu Taipan stood up, and said to Su Liang.

“Ktfgf’r rbwf kbgx atja cffvr ab yf vbcf.” oQIqXc

Lf delmxis jcv rlwqis jvvfv jc fzqijcjalbc.

“Ct, sfr…”

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Ve Oljcu reiifcis jcrkfgfv.

Coafg Zg Vl ifoa, tf kbeiv qgbyjyis yf wbgf cbgwji, jcv tf mbeiv ub ab Vafkjgv obg wfvlmlcf ab mbcagbi tlr yftjnlbg. Ktlr rtbeiv yf fcbeut ab gfilfnf Ve Oljcu. i80BRa

However, seeing the man walking towards the door step by step, Su Liang still couldn’t hide his depression. He didn’t realize it himself, but he followed after like a small animal with separation anxiety disorder, and just sent Mr Si to the end of the courtyard.

The small flying machine unique to the Vipers is parked outside the garden.

Seeing that the tall man had opened the door of the aircraft and was about to leave, Su Liang finally stopped helplessly.

However, Mr Si suddenly turned around at this moment and went back to him. fldT6o

“Later, if you want to know about mecha-related issues, you can come to me at any time.” After a pause, the man said in a strange tone, after a friendly reminder was given to him by the AI via the headset. “…I have the most advanced mecha master qualification certificate.”

“Ah? That’s amazing!” Surprise flashed across Su Liang’s face, but soon he became sad again. “But my mental strength is not enough to support me to manipulate the mecha.”

“Mental power is not a problem.”

Mr Si still had that indifferent look on his face, and there were no fluctuations in his voice. 5MltAc

However, Su Liang always felt that the corners of the man’s lips should be relaxed under the mask at that moment.

…. Very gentle.

“I am here.”

Mr Si looked into his eyes and said softly. dewyzP

In fact, according to common sense, this kind of promise was actually quite absurd; the mecha was the most spiritually driven creation in the human world. It can be said that if there was no mental power, the mecha would be nothing more than a large metal assembly made up of a bunch of circuits and parts.

It was impossible for anyone to let a beta with meager mental power control the mecha, because to do so was pure fantasy.

However, the man in front of him told him very calmly to not worry about the mental power, and only about the mecha itself.

Su Liang felt that his heart began to lose control yet again. IazrvD

God knows why, even if it is a seemingly impossible promise, once it is said by Mr. Si, he will never have any doubts.

However, he was somewhat at a loss.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

There are quite a few people in the Earth Alliance who can indeed drive mechas, but the “mecha masters” who can really drive mechas are completely different from ordinary people who can only make mechas move.

In the entire Earth Alliance, only the “Snake Den”, which started with mechas, has so many professional mecha masters. CKM6UF

As for the highest level of professional mecha masters, even in other powerful families, they are treated like honored guests.

No wonder Mr Si was so handsome and powerful. In fact, Xue Yinhuan and Black Mamba were also vipers, but from the depths of his heart, Su Liang felt that they were really different from Mr Si in some ways.

As expected of Mr Si…

Su Liang sighed involuntarily. 1Io4En

He never dreamed that one day he would be able to ask a mecha master with the highest qualification certificate about mecha.

It was too surprising, and even made him a little uneasy.

“Wait, things involving high-level mecha masters are basically highly confidential, and don’t the mechas in the Snake Den belong to the Lu Patriarch? If you help me… will the Snake Lord agree?”

Su Liang asked weakly. xCUp0d

When it came to the notorious chief commander of all the vipers, Mr Si’s expression was indifferent.

“He will agree.”

“But….”

qX3IQ4

Su Liang felt that he had found yet another difference between Mr Si and Xue Yinhuan; Xue Yinhuan and Black Mamba couldn’t hide their sincere admiration despite having a relaxed attitude when they talked about Lu Taipan. But when Mr Si was the one talking about the Snake Lord, there was always a kind of subtlety.

It doesn’t seem to be disgust, but it can’t be called eagerness as well. A little cold, somewhat indifferent, even a little… well, Su Liang can’t say.

He just felt that Mr Si’s attitude towards his direct boss was very worrying.

Su Liang couldn’t help feeling a little worried. a4xEZ3

“I said, with me here, you only need to think about the mecha itself.” Mr Si interrupted Su Liang.

“Thank, thank you very much!”

Chrysanthemum Garden.



Su Liang was dizzy from the blessing that fell into his lap, and the eyes with which he looked at Lu Taipan far exceeded normal admiration and longing. 4d03MQ

Was it so easy for him to be satisfied?

Lu Taipan couldn’t help but think.

Obviously, it was just a simple help, but Su Liang acted as if he had received a great favor. The uncontrollable joy made the usually indifferent Snake Lord feel strange and complicated emotions in his chest.

He kind of want to love him more.. yzHX7u

But at the same time, he especially wanted to bully the young man in front of him – it was this nasty, as well as childish desire that arose at the same time as love and affection.

“There is one more thing that I need to explain.” Lu Taipan suddenly said to Su Liang. “My help is not completely free. In fact, I am very expensive.”



zSI0tk

Su Liang’s smile suddenly froze, and he blinked.

“I understand.. You should be expensive, Mr Si, you are a high-level professional mecha master… well, can you accept… payment in installments..”

The young beta’s voice faded, subconsciously calculating his deposit, sobering up instantly.

“A Leiya blossom.” lLrxsa

Then, Su Liang heard Mr Si’s whisper.

He didn’t react at first, until the other person spoke again. “My reward is a Leiya blossom.”

Su Liang was a little dumbfounded.

5CWjDi

“I’m sorry, but I’ve made an agreement with Steward before, since these Leiya blossoms might be helpful to ease the Snake Lord’s illness, they will all be sent to Patriarch Lu… Mr Si, which, which one do you want?”

Su Liang couldn’t hold on for too long.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Seeing that the boy had already turned around to pick the flowers, the cold man who looked scary and unapproachable suddenly whispered in an almost austere tone. “The Snake Lord may be a good person in your mind, but in reality, he is still a cruel and extremely tyrannical person. You could be punished for detaining a Leyia flower that should have been sent to him in this way. ”

Su Liang: “…” 8U5tRk

Alright, now he was really sure of it.

The relationship between Mr Si and his immediate boss, the Snake Lord Lu Taipan, was really not that good.

“I will explain to Mr Steward.” Su Liang smiled helplessly, and then said. “I don’t think that Mr Snake Lord would care about these things. Of course, if he really wants to punish me for this, I will accept it.”

While talking, Su Liang touched the tip of his nose in a little embarrassment. LX841J

He lowered his head, avoiding the man’s stare.

“Actually, Mr Si, you should also change the reward. Because… I should have left a flower for you in the first place.”

“From the beginning when you saved me, Mr Si, it has been so many years.”

“I really don’t know how to repay you..” DdmpFu

“I truly, really, really appreciate you.”

Mn, I know.

Ok, I know.

In a trance, Su Liang seemed to hear someone lightly laughing. 46UuNi

Is Mr. Si laughing?

Su Liang immediately looked up at the man, but the mask completely covered the latter’s face, making it impossible for Su Liang to judge the man’s real expression.

But he can be sure of one thing, that is, Mr. Si seems to be very happy now.

P9JGs2



* * *



Back at the Snake Lord’s mansion, Lu Taipan saw Lu Zhengen fidgeting in the living room.

He was a middle-aged man who looked quite reliable, with a sincere and honest face that was easy to trust.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

It has to be said that from appearance alone, there was hardly any similarity between him and Lu Taipan.

Seeing Lu Taipan’s arrival, a trace of fear flashed in the fat man’s eyes, but what followed was surprise- Lu Zhengen did not expect that he could actually see Lu Taipan when he came this time. LJsqyX

According to past experiences, even as the temporary head of the family, it was even more difficult for him to meet Lu Taipan, who was in “retreat”.

In fact, it was not just Lu Zhengen who thought so.

Steward was also surprised.

[I never thought that you’d actually come to meet him in person? Didn’t you have meetings with him via remote holography before? Wait, are you planning to fucking assassinate him directly in this living room? If you need me to start the cleaning robot in advance, just tell me..] ydTuZD

The AI was also chattering today.

[By the way, during this short time period, I analyzed the intelligence database and made a basic deduction of Lu Zhengen’s intention. If my guess is accurate, the temporary patriarch would be begging you to attend his campaign speech tour.]

Steward’s words almost overlapped with Lu Zhengen’s crying.

ehDAnY

“Ah Si! You should definitely help your brother this time-”

Lu Zhengen’s superb acting skills brought out the full effect of familial affection on his face, looking and sighing to Lu Taipan with a sad face.

[Ever since you retired, the Lu family has been repeatedly frustrated in competing for a seat in the parliament, and our temporary patriarch still doesn’t seem to want to give up hope. In the past two years, he has spent a lot of money to build momentum for himself, trying to get himself into the parliament.]

“If I can’t get a seat in the council again this time, our Lu family will be doomed! The Lin family, Bai family, who doesn’t want to step on us. Even the Ning family… If we can’t hold on this time , I don’t know if they will bite us back! Ah Si, since I protected you in the Lu family back then, you have to help me this time!” SpY6bs

Lu Zhengen recounted all the setbacks the Lu family had suffered during this period of time with great pain.

[Obviously, he also discovered that relying on his own efforts may not really work. So now, he was tempted to invite you, the evil spirit, out for a walk to intimidate other people, so that he can use your remaining prestige to gain some more power. 】

Lu Taipan sat silently on the dark chair at the end of the living room,quietly listening to the merciless and harsh complaints from the AI in the headset, as well as Lu Zhengen’s worried cries at the bottom of the steps.

AsvzEP



He did not say a word. When Lu Zhengen was talking, his voice became quieter unconsciously.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

“I’ve made all the preparations for this campaign tour. Everything will be the best, there will be 40 video companies broadcasting in the entire stellar region in real time. I just want more people to understand that I, no, to understand the determination and position of the entire Lu family. Ah Si, I know that you don’t like to take care of matters like these, I don’t want you to clear the way for me… that’s right, as long as you appear on the stage, it’s find even if you’re just there, you don’t have to do nor say anything. I just hope that everyone can remember that it was the Snake Den back then, and it was you, Lu Taipan, who saved everyone. Without you, the entire Earth Alliance would have been called the Canaan Ninth Colony by now! This group of people couldn’t even have received the favor of the Lu family back then, but now they want to throw the Lu family away. You should be able to understand your brother’s painstaking efforts, right?!”

[Wow, when you were resting, he almost got into a scuffle with others just to grab the position of patriarch, but now he’s pretending to be like this, doesn’t he feel ashamed? But hm.. Why do I feel a little familiar with his ghostly appearance?] VlhxLe



Steward was speechless.

Seeing that Lu Zhengen was still babbling, even as an AI, Steward seemed to be a bit overwhelmed.

[My dear master, do you really not need me to clean him out? Tsk, it’s so annoying. If it was a holographic meeting, you’d only need to cut off the signal, it’s actually very tiring to drag out this adult obese male human being when you meet him in person…] imcTBr

Then, Steward suddenly stopped talking.

Although the real Steward was not in the living room at the moment, Lu Taipan still keenly noticed that several probes were shaking in his direction.



It was Steward who was observing him. 3Fz6fJ

[Was it just my imagination? You are very strange today, what happened? You were not so ‘gentle’ to Lu Zhengen before…]

After a while, Lu Taipan responded to Steward’s doubts in the channel with a blank face.

“Lu Zhengen is lucky today.”

He just happened to meet him when he was in a good mood. b IdsO





* * *



next update: preferably sunday. thanks for supporting!





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 32


Lu Zhengen was quickly driven out of the Snake Den in a not too ‘polite’ way.

Watching the figure of the fat man disappear into the night in embarrassment, Lu Taipan frowned slightly, tapping his fingers on the seat’s armrest. PjImxR

“Look up what Lu Zhengen has done lately.”

He said.



Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Steward’s electronic voice quickly responded to the Snake Den’s master. “We have been collecting information about Lu Zhengen. As of this morning, we have not found anything unusual about him…”

“Check again. Adjust information gathering level from ‘routine’ to ‘deep’.” An f4e

Lu Taipan spoke calmly.



The AI’s red light flickered slightly.

“Alright, master.”

“If it was just an ordinary parliamentary election, Lu Zhengen wouldn’t be so impatient.” Lu Taipan added softly and thoughtfully, his gaze pausing for a moment at the place where Lu Zhengen stood before. All the words and actions of the man that stood there just now were clearly outlined in his mind. “His panic and worry are not entirely false. In fact, he has been trying to restrain his emotions in front of me. He’s so panicked that he’s still trying to convince me to give a campaign speech, despite knowing the odds are against him..”

03UkPx

Lu Taipan sneered. “Was it because his allies betrayed him, or was it the uneven distribution of benefits that led to his ‘partner’s conflict?”

A few minutes later, Steward who looked through the database proved Lu Taipan’s conjecture.

You are right. The Lu family’s network has indeed undergone considerable fluctuations recently. The Lu family and the Ning family are currently having considerable conflicts.”



The Ning family? 1sBFTJ

This answer even surprised Lu Taipan. For a long while, the Ning family should be regarded as one of the Lu family’s. To be precise, they were the closest allies of Lu Zhengen’s family.

“Your S-level Alpha nephew, Lu Zhizhao, forcibly marked Ning Jiayi, the young master of the Ning family, during the routine medical assistance a few days ago.”

“Forcibly marked?”

Hearing these words, even a person as indifferent as Lu Taipan couldn’t help showing a look of disgust on his face. PBIA3

He didn’t like everyone in the Ning family, including the high-leveled omega Ning Jiayi who claimed to be a 90% match for Lu Zhizhao.

But in any case, Alphas forcibly marking Omegas was an extremely vicious and despicable behaviour – moreso, Ning Jiayi was still an undifferentiated Omega.

If Lu Taipan was still in charge of the Lu family, the only fate for this kind of alpha was to remove all of their rights and finances, and then be thrown into outer space as living bait against the Canaanites.

“Let me see, um, of course, it was okay if it was just a forced mark,” Steward continued,”After all, the marriage between the Lu and Ning family has long been accepted by everyone. The problem was that Lu Zhizhao doesn’t seem to want responsibility for the marking – after being forcefully separated by the medical officer, he seems to have always insisted that the mark was unexpected and that he was controlled by drugs. Which he believed to have made him lose his rationality, and his physical arousal was also very abnormal.” BhHqr0

“Of course, the Lu family did a drug test on Lu Zhizhao afterwards, and all the test results showed that his various physiological functions are very normal.”

Lu Taipan: “….”

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“You seem to be interested in this matter, do you want to intervene?”

Steward observed Lu Taipan, and then asked. gIi3TE

Hearing this sentence, Lu Taipan raised his eyebrows, and he quickly recovered his original indifferent expression. “No Need.”

Lu Taipan knew very well what his blood brother would do.

The marriage between the Ning and the Lu family was imperative for the current head of the family, Lu Zhengen, especially after his failure to win Lu Taipan’s support from the Snake Den. He will thus use all means to force Lu Zhizhao to fulfill his engagement with Ning Jiayi.

And Lu Zhizhao… 8kDzM5

Recalling the information he had read these past few days, a faint sneer flashed on Lu Taipan’s face.

That man will succumb in the end, there’s no question about that.

However, after a moment of silence, another pitiful, innocent-looking face appeared in Lu Taipan’s mind.

After a long time, an extremely concise order sounded in the room. “Do not let those from the Lu family get involved with Su Liang.” NgT1jc

After all, that beta seemed to be very close to Lu Zhizhao, and it was this closeness that almost brought him to his death.

Lu Taipan did not intend to let the little fool he was protecting continue swimming in these muddled waters.

Su Liang..

When that person was mentioned, Lu Taipan’s nape suddenly started to feel slightly warm. Hd4Pst

Damn.





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


He sighed internally; his body actually reacted again.

“Vafkjgv,” Oe Kjlqjc bgvfgfv mjiwis. “Cvv j rtba bo α-914 lctlylabg ab ws gbealcf lcpfmalbcr yfobgf riffq.”

Qtlif ajixlcu, tf ragbxfv tlr cfmx, jcv atgbeut atf mbiv wfaji glvuf, Oe Kjlqjc mbeiv ralii offi atja tlr lcobgwjalbc uijcvr kfgf jybea ab rtloa ecvfg tlr rxlc. W0KpBH

Ktf tfja atja tjv yffc luclafv ys Ve Oljcu tjr cba yffc mbwqifafis fzalcuelrtfv ecali cbk.

Steward: “As a competent AI, I don’t agree with your decision. This excessive use of compulsory inhibitors will not do you any good. Even if you have regained self-control for a short period of time, you should take heed of the report regarding your worsening drug resistance. After that, once the inhibitor loses its hold on you, your rut will come back in full. According to the pre-existing data, it can be speculated that by then you will completely lose your rationality and turn into a feral beast….”

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“You speak too much nonsense.”

Lu Taipan rubbed his forehead, speaking coldly. xJ9iWh

“I’m just concerned about you. After all, if you really went berserk, all of the Snake Den’s staff would have to pay a very heavy price before they could kill you.” Steward spoke quietly, sounding a little wronged. “Besides, in my opinion, your mental stability right now is good, and you do not need to pay such a big risk for excessive inhibitor injections, your physical condition is also normal–”

“There is something wrong with my body.”

The Snake Den’s master couldn’t take it and interrupted his noisy AI. In his hoarse voice, there was a very subtle hint of embarrassment.

“Until now, my body has been responding to the inducer in Su Liang’s body.” XSIUxB

Steward: “Ah…”

Lu Taipan’s expression was dark.

This was a very rare situation. The long-term intake of inhibitors and pheromone blockers has essentially made Lu Taipan’s physiological responses to be ‘dead’. He rarely has the impulsiveness that normal alphas would have, because even the most normal physical excitement may have an impact on his mental sea, thus aggravating his pheromone disorder.

Yet, from a time even unknown to him, Lu Taipan’s body began to gradually lose control. tnl2Cg

“I think you are just about to enter your rut period. This may feel strange to you, but it’s actually a very normal physiological phenomenon.”

Steward tried hard to appease his slightly irritated master.

“After all, alphas are mammals too. When in their rut period, they can have strong associations and needs even when just looking at a chair that an omega has sat on. Young master Su Liang is now in his differentiation period, and his pheromones are quite unstable. You’ve given him pheromones before, and the culmination of these events may have confused you. By the way, this is why I do not recommend you to use such a large dose of inhibitors. Excessive inhibition will only make your senses extremely sensitive and aroused. All of this has precedents that are worthy of vigilance. Do you know why the Central Star District has now banned all Alpha Private Male Academies? At that time, these kinds of academies would simply and barbarically inject all the students with inhibitors to get through their rut period, and they thought that this would avoid trouble. However, they did not expect that it-”

“Shut up.” B1ysN8



Lu Taipan spoke coldly.

Steward obediently fell silent.

But this silence did not last long. “Actually, there are other ways to replace inhibitors, which are safe, harmless, and effective. Thanks to young master Su Liang, at least now we have the Leiya blossoms. These blossoms has a very powerful soothing effect on the mental power of high-level alphas, and it has also been verified by experiments.” eD09Gl

Lu Taipan stayed silent.

Steward repeated once more. “Young master Su Liang has been taking care of these Leiya blossoms very carefully. He also expressed his hope that the Leiya blossoms can play their due role for the Snake Den’s Master…”

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Lu Taipan interrupted Steward impatiently. “Then put these flowers near my sleeping cabin.”

Steward: “Okay!” R9wj0U

The scent of these Leiya blossoms were very faint.

It was a very light, subtle fragrance.

Surrounded by the aroma of flowers, Lu Taipan, who was supposed to sleep peacefully under the Leiya blossoms’ soothing effect, started dreaming once more.

He dreamed of Su Liang…. and Lu Zhizhao. LzY30i



It was just the investigated information that he had casually glanced at in the report. Those simple and concise words were compiled into extremely vivid and realistic scenes in his dream.

In his dreams, Lu Taipan was only a bystander who could only watch the young and bright boys approaching each other slowly.

Was it just an accidental acquaintanceship at the banquet, was it a deliberately planned encounter, was it an ambiguous relationship born intentionally or unintentionally, or perhaps…. PehDnT

[No—]

Lu Taipan frowned.

He could hardly tolerate Su Liang in his dream getting closer to the young man beside him.

Such a despicable, cowardly, and irresponsible boy should not be with Su Liang. UdMFpz

There was no way that person could protect Su Liang.

If he has something to say…



[He is mine.] 3C6YRK

An unusually strong feeling seemed to tear open his body and burst out from his chest.

The man with a cold aura let out an extremely fierce murmur.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

He couldn’t help but took a step forward, and forcefully pushed away the illusory shadow beside Su Liang.

Then, the scene suddenly changed. 2XUzfK

[“Mr Si, what happened?”]



Lu Taipan appeared on the comfortable and spacious sofa in the afternoon, while the young man in front of him raised his head slightly, leaning towards him unsuspectingly.

This familiar scene. AgC4UV

These familiar words.

Lu Taipan also stretched out his hand towards Su Liang again, but this time, he did not restrain himself like what happened in the real world.

In this charming dream filled with the fragrance of delicate flowers, Lu Taipan followed his own nature and released the most savage desire in his body.

Whimpering, crying, struggling, and begging for mercy. qabJNf

Of course, there was also the sweet, intoxicating scent.

It was Su Liang’s scent.



* * *



In the early morning of the next day, Lu Taipan opened his eyes expressionlessly in the sleeping cabin.

However, he did not get up, but stayed in the sleeping cabin for a rare moment. A daze flashed in his sleepless eyes, as well as deep thought. B8a cy

He rarely dreams.

Naturally, if he were to dream, the first and only thing he would dream of is a sea of blood and slaughter.

As the only double S rank, he could only watch the Vipers around him fall under the Canaanites’ weapons over and over again, reliving the anguish and hatred, as well as nerve-tearing pain endlessly within his dreams.

He would rush at the Canaanites in his dreams, repeating the futile massacre in vain. tDHJRb

This was not a big deal.

This is the case of the S-ranked mental sea that was about to collapse. His subconscious mind would always show him the remaining rage in his body in the form of dreams.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

However, yesterday’s dream was different from any previous ones.

That couldn’t even be called a nightmare. k7ZyIS

However…

Lu Taipan sat up from the sleeping cabin, looking at his pale hands.

In the dream, he could completely hold down the boy’s waist with one hand.

He could also easily support the boy’s ups and downs… 054WOg

Lu Taipan’s Adam’s apples rolled.

Very thirsty, he thought.

The slaughter-filled and bloody dreams would make him feel tired and numb after waking up the next day, but everything in the dream last night did not make him feel even the slightest discomfort.

What remained in his body was an almost overflowing happiness. qedbwR

“Steward, check my mental stability.”

The Snake Lord gave instructions to the AI.

“Very ordinary,” Steward dutifully reported, a hint of joy within his tone. “I said that the Leiya blossoms were useful.”

Lu Taipan did not pay much attention to Steward’s chatter. kNLd b

Thinking of the young man’s incomparably clear gaze and longing, as well as his age, which was almost the same age as his nephew, the taciturn Snake Lord couldn’t help but frown slightly.

This subtle, inexplicable mood persisted until he received a message from Su Liang.

Lu Taipan looked at the flashing “Su Liang” notification on his personal terminal, and hesitated for an unprecedented moment.

mwKkco

But in the end, he connected the call with a blank face.

“Mister Si, I’m sorry to bother you.”

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

The beta on the screen had slightly dark circles under his eyes, and he didn’t seem to have slept well.

“I’ve encountered some minor problems, it’s still about the mecha operation, if you have the time, can you help – “ jd7KcG

“I have time now.”

Lu Taipan answered.

“Ah?”

42V8h

Su Liang was a little stunned.

On the other side, Steward manipulated its bionic body and looked at Lu Taipan in confusion.

Lu Taipan looked down at Su Liang, speaking calmly. “I’ll send someone to pick you up, and then we’ll go to the mecha training ground together, where there are already prepared mechas…”

While talking, the man raised his hand and canceled all the schedules for that morning on the virtual screen. MSYpWN

After the call was hung up, Lu Taipan raised his head and met Steward’s slightly flickering electronic eyes. “The medical officers advised you to not get on the mech casually.”

Lu Taipan watched it silently.



Under the extremely oppressive gaze, the weak android changed his words very quickly. “Of course, your mental stability is well controlled now. It’s not bad to operate the mecha occasionally to release pressure.” LoMvt

Lu Taipan then withdrew his gaze.

Steward: “…………”

Seeing that Lu Taipan had turned around and began to put on his light exoskeleton for the mecha, it still did not give up and added. “However, I think you should at least take the Leiya blossom with you. It can really soothe your mental sea.”

Lu Taipan paused slightly imperceptibly. 5gRspO

When it mentioned the Leiya blossoms, the vague fragrance of the flower brought back the memory of that charming dream.

Lu Taipan couldn’t help but check his mental stability value once more, and that reassuring value made his slightly constricted heart relax. Regardless of the dream, at least his current mental state was stable.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“I will.”

He said so to Steward. iMhX7d

Then, after putting on all the equipment, Lu Taipan solemnly put the Leiya blossom, which was said to be able to stabilize his mental power, on his chest.

Even after entering the mech, he never took off the flower.

The fragrance of the flower was dense, but its presence was not too strong. Soon, Lu Taipan forgot about its existence.

Ae2dbn



* * *



The author has something to say:

Today’s Da Pan: Although he looks down on his eldest nephew, but when he thinks that his eldest nephew is about the same age as Xiao Liang, this old man is still a bit jealous.

Of course, this old man didn’t know about that.

He just felt that there must be something wrong with him. FlqIH4





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 33


The one who came to pick up Su Liang was Xue Yinhuan.

The Snake Den’s mecha training ground was a restricted area in the restricted levels. If it wasn’t a Viper of his level, and an ordinary Viper instead, Su Liang may never be able to step foot in it. Of course, Su Liang was not aware of this. He keenly noticed that Xue Yinhuan was glancing at him along the way. 7i 4kt

“This time, I’m asking Mr Si to teach me about mechas, is it… a little inconvenient?”

Finally, when Xue Yinhuan was looking at him secretly for the nth time, Su Liang asked in a low voice.



Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“No, no! Don’t think too much! Our Snake Den welcomes others to discuss mecha knowledge together!” Xue Yinhuan hurriedly opened his mouth, raving nonsense desperately. At the end of his sentence, he couldn’t help but lower his voice and got close next to Su Liang, asking cautiously. “…Can I ask, is it really, erm, did our teammate take the initiative to tell you that he wants to teach you about mechas?”

“Yes, Mr Si was really nice.” Not understanding why, Su Liang answered. zGgHCd

“Ah, haha, yeah, he’s really a nice guy…. But usually, he won’t go out of his way for others. You must have a really good relationship with him.”



Xue Yinhuan smiled so hard that his face looked stiff.

He didn’t dare tell Su Liang the truth. Back when the Snake Den was still in the war, only the most powerful people in the team were eligible to accept Lu Taipan’s ‘training’, which was actually a ‘beating’ with mecha guidance. With every evasive action that was slightly delayed, the price was to head to the medical bay with a bruised nose and a swollen face to receive a full day’s worth of deep treatment.

And facing the Vipers who were beaten to the point of crying, the Snake Den’s master always had a look of indifference.

HdrySk

“Too weak.”

Such evaluations were always given coldly.





But now, that boss of his actually said that he wanted to teach others about mechas, moreover, this person was a beta who had never received any training and had no foundation. Thinking back to the unusually strong alpha pheromone on the combat uniform in the Secret Garden’s villa, Xue Yinhuan felt as if he already knew about the truth of the matter. h3eyrS

Was this the rumored case of love making fools out of old men ?

Today, this young and innocent Viper is also amazed…

Su Liang, who didn’t know anything, just followed behind Xue Yinhuan, whose gaze suddenly became particularly sharp. They passed through countless security checks, and finally came to the other end of the courtyard; a heavily guarded mech training ground.

The moment they stepped into the training ground, Su Liang couldn’t help but breathe lightly. xf3OpR

Here, it seems that even the air was different from other places. There was a faint metallic scent in the air, and the lush vegetation was replaced by flat, smooth hard ground.

What appeared in front of them was a huge square, with a light white curved dome spanning a gray platform the size of more than ten football fields. The lights were not fully lit, only a row of spotlights at the edge of the square were on. The bluish white beam of light cast straight down, illuminating the huge mecha standing silently below.

The giant humanoid mechanical creature just stood there, but with just a glance, Su Liang couldn’t help but take a breath.

These mechas… were completely different from the ones he saw in school. q4g9yf



The instructor mechas used by Xingchuan University can already be considered the best in the Earth Alliance. However, compared with these war mechas that have been on the battlefield, those shiny metal creations were like large toys.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Su Liang had to admit that the scene in front of him was slightly beyond his imagination.

Mr Si’s attitude was too casual and relaxed when he spoke. Su Liang originally thought that the best treatment he would get was a mecha that had been retired, or maybe used in training. But seeing Xue Yinhuan’s elaborate actions now, it seems… it seems that he can directly use a real battle mech to learn?! z1b SK

“Let me see, there’s no training assigned during this period, so no one would come here. The mecha for you should’ve been warmed up in advance. We can just look at the indicator light, as long as it’s green, then it should be the mecha you’re going to use…”



Xue Yinhuan muttered, while looking for the mecha that was prepared for Su Liang one by one. He looked all over around the regular mecha training ground, but couldn’t find the ordinary mecha that was supposed to be prepared for Su Liang.

“Ah? What’s going on…” OWgidv

Just when Xue Yinhuan was wondering, he suddenly felt a slight vibration from the ground.

“Boom.”

“Boom.”





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Cmmbwqjclfv ys atf mglrq wfaji rbecv, atf vlwis ila agjlclcu ugbecv lcrajcais yfmjwf yglutais ila, ktlaf jii jgbecv. ieLWa

Ktf sfiibk lcvlmjabg iluta bc atf ugbecv ugjvejiis aegcfv gfv. Obbxlcu jibcu atf iluta ilcf, atfs rjk atf teuf wfaji ujaf ja atf fcv bo atf agjlclcu olfiv, ktlmt kjr wjgxfv jr raglmais obgylvvfc ab jqqgbjmt, yehhlcu jcv rilvlcu bqfc.

It was a huge, ferocious, and even terrifying pitch-black figure.

Step by step, the huge pure black mecha, like a huge monster slowly awakening in the abyss, walked towards Su Liang.

“Ma… Mahoraga…” L72SdG

Xue Yinhuan could no longer move.

He stared blankly at the familiar, yet unfamiliar figure in front of him, his legs weak.

Although he had fought alongside the monster in front of him countless times on the battlefield in the past, he hadn’t seen it since then. When he saw ‘it’ again suddenly, Xue Yinhuan’s face was still pale from the tyrannical mental power remaining on the mecha.

“Mahoraga?”

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Compared to Xue Yinhuan, Su Liang who knew nothing about mechas was in a much better condition. He repeated the name in wonder.

Although he also vaguely felt that the mecha in front of him was different from all the other mechas he had seen before, as well as containing an indescribably special aura, this kind of momentum could make him feel uncomfortable or stressed. 1cjW0p

Instead, he felt…. that his heart was beating a little faster.

So cool.

It was the first thought he had when he saw the black mecha.

The surface of that mecha still had many scars from past wars, and its shape was different from ordinary mechas. It could be seen at a glance that this is a war machine designed purely for killing. SCr0OV

Strictly speaking, it didn’t look aesthetically pleasing.

However, Su Liang still thought that it was beautiful.

It was fierce and cold, and this temperament inexplicably overlapped with the figure of the man in his mind. And almost at the moment when Su Liang thought of him, the pitch-black mecha stopped in front of Su Liang.

The hatch-door of the mecha opened slowly, and a tall figure jumped out of the mecha and landed in front of Su Liang. 0vqd23

“Mr Si!”



Even though he had already faintly noticed it in his heart, Su Liang was still very pleasantly surprised when he saw Mr. Si jumping out of that pitch-black mecha with his own eyes.

“This is Mahoraga.” 70tzSn

Lu Taipan looked down at the young man in front of him, and calmly introduced the name of his mecha to him.

“It’s my mecha.”

He said.

“Today, we will use it as a learning sample.” SRyd b



Hearing what the man in front of him said, Su Liang’s eyes lit up instantly.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

“Really? That’s great, it’s beautiful, I mean…it’s so cool!”

Because of the excitement, Su Liang’s cheeks started to turn red. VEj5O7

Almost at the moment when he saw Mahoraga, Su Liang felt that he had completely fallen. Those beautiful, gleaming mechs were really nothing! Only Mahoraga is the real thing!

The beta boy, who was wrapped in joy, was completely engrossed in the iron-blooded killing machine in front of him, so he naturally completely missed the horrified expression of the Viper beside him.

Mahoraga!

Mahoraga as a learning mecha? ! aNufhb

Xue Yinhuan stood behind Su Liang, almost screaming out loud.

That is Lu Taipan’s natal mecha, and only those inside the Snake Den knew that the Snake Den Lord’s natal mecha was not the glamorous high-performance gorgeous mecha in the news. The black, hideous, and terrifying monstrous mecha in front of him was the real one.

And this natal mecha was extremely meaningful to a soldier.

Every part and every inch of its wiring will be tailor-made for its owner, and even its shape has been carefully designed. Strictly speaking, the designer was not a human being, but the mecha itself. Rather, the mecha needs to fully match the driver’s spiritual power, so in a sense, its appearance is basically the manifestation of the driver’s spiritual power. diq2I3



It was also because of this that the natal mecha is basically equivalent to half of the driver’s body. It is another soul storage container, aside from the original body.

Not to mention ordinary people, even to closest friends, it is impossible to enter the interior of a soldier’s natal mecha.

Unless that person is….. 5AVbjg

However, compared to Xue Yinhuan’s shock, Lu Taipan’s behavior was unusually calm and cool at this time.

“Because your mental strength is not enough, rashly using other mechas may injure you. Mahoraga is the mecha that I am most familiar with, and it can minimize the risk of hidden dangers.”

The Snake Den’s Lord explained to Su Liang very seriously.

He spoke very naturally, and Su Liang nodded obediently. LF zo7

And Xue Yinhuan stared blankly at the two people in front of him, and after a long silence, he sent a message in the Viper Group Chat, full of self-doubt.

[How do you guys feel, under what circumstances, do you guys think that you’ll let others touch your natal mecha?]

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

Soon, Xue Yinhuan received a series of replies.

[After I die, you guys can touch my family’s Ah’Tang to bury me with it.] Kx067C

[No, I’d rather be blown to pieces in outer space with Yaksha than to have anyone else touch it!]

[Exactly, you can even touch my ass, but you must never touch my natal mecha!]

[Under normal circumstances, aside from my omega, it’s impossible for anyone to touch my natal mecha…]

[Fuck offff, we know you have an omega, please be a human being and stop showing off!] 0ABLN3

[if i had an omega, i’d also like to bring him into my mecha! Hehe, if our mental power overlaps, it will feel hehehe….]

[Yes, but the premise is that you have to find an omega first.]

[shut up.]

[In fact, there’s no need for an omega. As long as it’s my wife, I’d have no problem with how she plays with me and my natal mecha.] ECLz8a

[You speak as if you can find a wife.]

[There’s no fault in dreaming….]

Seeing the group of single Vipers in the group chat gradually fall into the routine of daydreaming, Xue Yinhuan silently turned off his comms.

Okay, the world has not gone crazy. kmsvQz

It was he who was suddenly forced into eating a mouthful of dog food by his dear boss without knowing it.

Su Liang naturally didn’t realize when Xue Yinhuan had left.

Because at that moment, he had no leeway to think about other things. It should be said that he indeed is a mecha master with the highest level of qualification. When Mr Si introduced the mecha, the method he adopted was completely different from that of the senior mecha teacher of Xingchuan University. At Xingchuan University, a qualified mecha student must go through three semesters of theoretical study and pass the exam before they can receive practical training.

In the first two months of practical training, all these people can do is to climb up and down around the mecha, making sure that they are familiar with every device and part of the mecha, and then finally, they were eligible to enter inside the mecha. 6dVRpb

But everything was so different here with Mr Si. After casually introducing the basic rules of the mecha, Mr Si suddenly stretched out his hand and wrapped his arms around Su Liang’s waist.



Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

“…The rest is just for you to familiarize yourself with in the mecha.”

Before the cold words fell, Su Liang only felt his body lighten. S0ZXzu

The tall man was extremely agile, and he took Su Liang straight into the cockpit of the mecha. Sensing the return of the pilot, the door hatch of the mecha closed smoothly. The cockpit instantly became dark, and the flickering light of the incomparably complicated instrument panel became the only light source.

Su Liang had to accept that he was finally able to enter the inside of the mech he had dreamed of. While extremely excited, he was still a little flustered.

Compared with its extremely tall appearance, Mahoraga’s cockpit well is not too spacious, but the complexity of the operation console is several times that of the teaching mecha used in schools.

And also… d7Xki9



“Sorry, Mr Si, what should I do next… where do I sit?”

Su Liang looked at the only place in front of the console, slightly dumbfounded.

Ordinary teaching mechas, as well as civilian mechas, are usually equipped with two seats. jTo 4M

However, as a real battle mecha, as well as being the natal mecha of the Snake Den Lord, Mahoraga naturally has only one seat.

“Sit here.”

Lu Taipan had already sat firmly in his driver’s seat, then he glanced at the restless young man beside him. He stretched out his hand, and brought the slender beta to his lap.

dur67P



* * *



The author has something to say:

A long time later

Xue Yinhuan: waitwait, boss, you could’ve just let me take Su Liang to the side of the mecha, right? You don’t have to drive the mecha to make an appearance, right? Then why??

Lu Taipan: …. ofNMJb

Xue Yinhuan: Although that’s very cool, but… wait, so it’s just to look cool?

Lu Taipan: …..

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Xue Yinhuan: ….

Xue Yinhuan: I seem to have understood the reason why I’ve been single all these years. wfeuKd

Lu Taipan: Shut up.



tn: i translated the 100 questions extra for this novel, it’s up on my ko-fi page for free! i rushed this chapter instead of doing my group assignment (i did like a bit then i dipped) _(:3/ also slipped and fell on my ass on the stairs ystd so it’s still hurting (qwq

i hope you guys enjoyed xue yinhuan!! i love him he’s like one of my favourite characters aside from the scum gong (lu zhizhao did nothing wrong!!!) Fi8mqw





Translator's Note

the literal translation here was ‘an old house on fire’, which roughly meant that an old couple’s love and affection for each other is so strong, like a house burning…. thanks to grim and bamboo for enlightening me on how to burn a house! (jk)

Translator's Note

not the one from jujutsu kaisen. according to wikipedia, mahoraga is a class of deities L43P6B

that are said to protect the Dharma. They are described as huge subterranean serpents who lie on their sides and rotate the earth, which occasionally causes earthquakes.[2]

Like the kinnara, the mahoraga are also associated with music. They are understood as being associated with large serpents such as pythons, while the nāgas are more closely related to the cobra.





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 34


“Mr Si?!”

Suddenly falling onto the other man’s lap, Su Liang got flustered. The cold, frigid fragrance that was originally very light suddenly became much more intense, and even through the material of the clothes, he could clearly feel the contours of the unusually developed and strong muscles on Mr Si’s body. W9fqOI

Su Liang was originally slender, but the man behind him was unusually tall.

This feeling was so strange, it’s almost as if his entire self was going to completely merge into the other’s body…



Chrysanthemum Garden.

Su Liang struggled instinctively.

“Don’t move.” XkOfA4

Then, he felt the man’s hands covering his waist.



“Be obedient.” The man’s voice was low. “….I will connect my spiritual power to yours later on. Only this way can you use my spiritual power to familiarize yourself with the operation of regular mechas.”

“Considering the fact that you have never connected to the mecha’s neural network before, and that my mental strength is too different from yours, you will probably be disoriented and have severe nausea. In order to keep you safe, this position is the safest.”

Mr Si’s tone was calm, and his attitude was quite natural.

i1JpCG

While speaking, the hands that were originally only on the boy’s waist slowly intertwined, and the man had already firmly embraced Su Liang within his arms.

“O..okay, I understand. Th-thanks.”

Su Liang’s cheeks flushed slightly, and only then did he realize Mr Si’s intentions.



This point was also mentioned in the mecha tutorials he had studied before. It was true that many people would fall in the cockpit and end up with bloodied noses and bruises because they were not accustomed to the nausea when connecting to the mecha. What’s more, a person with low mental power like him has to borrow Mr Si’s mental power…. tBEd4c

“Spiritual power connection technology actually exists. As expected of the Snake Den.”

Actually, he was still somewhat uncomfortable. However, when he thinks about how he can also control the mecha using this method, Su Liang couldn’t help but gradually become excited.

Before that, he had only heard of this mysterious technology in passing. Before Mr Si brought it up, he even thought that it was just a rumor.

“Hm.” 6ViA7n

Lu Taipan only gave a simple grunt.

He didn’t tell Su Liang that even in the Snake Den, the technique of connecting the mental power of two people together through a synchronization device to jointly operate mecha can only be used by Mahoraga.

Tracing back to the past, the last mecha that could use this technology was the most legendary two-person mecha in the Federation’s history – Vinayaka.

According to hearsay, it was the only mecha that was jointly piloted by an alpha and an omega. The mecha body itself was not a product of Earth at all, but a relic of ancient high-intelligence aliens. XRj2MN

As for its pilots, they were a pair of extremely compatible alpha and omega partners. The Vinayaka they drove was invincible and unstoppable on the battlefield. The reason why the Earth Federation was able to be safely established under the coveting eyes of various alien forces was precisely because of its existence. It’s just that since then, there has never been any pair of alpha-omega couples who can meet the conditions for activating Vinayaka.

It was claimed that it was due to the mecha’s extremely weird temper, and that the requirements for the pilots is not only to be an alpha-omega couple, but also to have an extremely strict requirement on the compatibility degree and even the form of mental power. Not only that, the couple has to have a good relationship as well. At first, the federation’s government thought about finding people to restart it, but failed after countless attempts, prompting them to give up. Over time, this legendary mecha gradually disappeared into history, until during the Canaan war, the Snake Den found Vinayaka once more.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Of course, even the most powerful, SS-level alpha Lu Taipan couldn’t exactly restart that eccentric legendary mecha without an omega. But the situation on the battlefield was too dire at that time, so he adopted another way to use it. He dismantled Vinayaka, and reassembled most of its parts to make his own natal mecha.

This is the reason why, in such a completely ‘lone wolf’ mecha like Mahoraga, there was a spiritual connection device. c6OyqI

“Next, we will ensure a mental power connection.”

Lu Taipan spoke, moving his fingers slightly and issuing an order.

Following the command, a circle of light emerged above the narrow cabin and slowly descended, slowly covering Su Liang and the Snake Den’s Lord.

Everything went smoothly. The only small issue was probably when the barrier of light was about to cover them completely, Su Liang begged the man behind him in a low voice and blushing face. dw4r1M

“Mr Si….”

“Hm?”

“Can I ask you to, let me go a bit? I’m sorry, but it…. hurts.”

Su Liang spoke with restraint. odEkmN

The man’s hands are indeed very steady, and they held him firmly.

However, it was true that he hugged him too tightly, so tight that Su Liang felt that he was about to be directly crushed into his arms by the man.

“Alright.”

Lu Taipan said, and then Su Liang relaxed slightly. uXCH7f

The expression on his face remained unchanged, and Su Liang kept his back to him, so naturally, he didn’t notice the darkness brewing in the man’s eyes at that moment.

At the very beginning, Lu Taipan pulled Su Liang into his embrace simply to ensure that Su Liang would not fall when their mental power was connected.

This position was a little intimate, but it was convenient for the connection of mental power, and it was also the safest.

However…. djtPks

The fragrance of Leiya Blossoms on his chest lingered upwards, mixed with the extremely subtle fresh aroma of the boy in his arms, coming from his nape. For a moment, the ambiguous and charming dream last night hauntingly appeared in Lu Taipan’s mind.

A slender but extremely flexible waist.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

A beautiful back.

A slender neck within his reach. q25JfE

As long as he moved down a little bit, he can fully grasp the softness within his hands.

If it wasn’t for Su Liang’s reminder, even Lu Taipan himself wouldn’t have realised that he had hugged him so tightly unconsciously.

Just at this moment, the grating used for mental power connection has completely covered them. Lu Taipan can only frown slightly, regardless of other matters, and quickly pushed the image in his mind deep into the bottom of his heart.

6KP9w4

He lowered his eyes, gaze resting on the back of Su Liang’s neck, trying to clear his mind. Then, he released his mental power, bit by bit.

“Wu…”

Following the SS-level Alpha’s mental power release, the young beta let out a suppressed, muffled groan in his arms.

It was a very strange feeling. 3cDYLs





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Ve Oljcu atbeuta.



Ktf bglulcjiis lcnlrlyif jcv lcajculyif wfcaji qbkfg rffwfv ab tjnf j rqfmlolm obgw ecvfg atf lcoiefcmf bo Zjtbgjuj’r rqfmlji vfnlmf. Lewlv, rilutais mbbi, ilxf j agjcriemfca rcjxf. Ca atlr wbwfca, atf rkjgw bo rcjxfr kfgf ribkis mlgmilcu jibcu Ve Oljcu’r meoor jcv cfmxilcf, jcv olcjiis ujatfgfv ja atf yjmx bo Ve Oljcu’r cfmx…

Then, they directly burrowed into Su Liang’s body. 469jbf

The moment the cold snake made of spiritual power poured into his body, it turned into a scorching turbulent flow, filling Su liang’s body along the limbs.

Su Liang tensed up in Lu Taipan’s arms uncontrollably, and then trembled. His originally clear pupils suddenly became dazed and empty.



“So hot…” jz2JCP

He let out a whimpering whisper.

“Calm down,” Lu Taipan restrained the violently reacting boy in his arms, leaning into Su Liang’s ear, and whispered word by word. “Feel my spiritual power, then accept them, use them, and imagine that they were originally part of you….”

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

The Snake Den’s Lord forehead was already dripping with cold sweat.

His actual situation was actually not as easy as he showed. VFUvdp

Lu Taipan could feel that his mental power was slightly out of control; the mental power that was always easy to control in the past has become extremely active today. If Lu Taipan hadn’t tried his best to control them, they would have converged and rushed into Su Liang’s body, scattering the slender beta into pieces.

In order to regain control of the situation, Lu Taipan’s breathing became heavier, while Su Liang was panting even more rapidly. He was following the man’s instructions to accept the completely unfamiliar mental power…

A crease formed between Lu Taipan’s eyebrows.

cCrpdu

In order to stabilize his apparently abnormal mental strength, he took out the Leiya Blossom he had been wearing on his chest without any hesitation. Then, he kneaded the flowers into a moist flower paste with his fingertips.

The fragrance of Leiya Blossoms became stronger.

Gradually, Lu Taipan felt that his mental strength had indeed stabilized a bit.

It’s just that… his body was warm. MghmKY

But at this time, he didn’t care about this.

It was a very sweet floral scent.

Surrounded by the warm fragrance of flowers, Su Liang finally recovered from the shock of their mental powers connecting.

He opened his eyes, and the first thing he saw was an empty training ground. sXHISj



Everything around him was brought into his mind in a new way. The shape and specific value of each mecha on the training ground, down to a few tiny metal dust on the training ground… everything can be seen in a panoramic view.

He raised his hand in disbelief, and then saw “his” black metal limbs.

He has become Mahoraga itself! 0AdrNY

The moment this thought flashed through his mind, a strong sense of excitement surged from the depths of his body. However in the next second, Su Liang felt dizzy in his head, and Mahoraga’s vision suddenly blurred, and what appeared in front of him was the mecha console surrounding him in 3D form.

But before he had time to take a closer look, he was pulled back into Mahoraga…

Chrysanthemum Garden.

The switching back and forth made Su Liang feel as if he was constantly falling from a height of 10,000 meters.

He couldn’t find himself, and couldn’t control everything around him. ul9Otp

“Mr. Si!”



In extreme panic, the only thing Su Liang could do was to cling tightly to the cold and reliable body beside him.

He subconsciously called for help to the person he trusted the most. MS4meZ

“Calm down, it’s normal to lose control at the beginning.”

It was still Mr. Si’s reassuring whispers, right next to his ears.

Then, Su Liang felt someone covering his eyes behind him.

“Feel me, find me, use me as an anchor, and then perceive the surrounding environment.” 7MUX2C

The extremely clear sense of touch was transmitted to the brain through the overlap of the skin, and finally, the ever-changing chaotic perception slowly stabilized with Mr. Si’s response.

The man let go of his hand.



Su Liang blinked, the darkness faded away, and this time, he finally came to the real world clearly. 59tpQq

He was still in Mahoraga’s cockpit, and still in Mr. Si’s arms. The difference was that his entire back was tightly pressed against the man’s chest, and his clothes were already in a mess.

Just now he struggled instinctively for a long time amidst the dizziness and confusion. It was the man behind him who firmly controlled him, preventing him from falling directly on the driver’s seat.

“I, I’m fine.”

Su Liang’s face was flushed red, and he finally regained his senses. smlqrC

Maybe it’s because of the connection of mental power that even the perception of the body has become extremely sharp.

It’s no wonder that Mr. Si asked him to use himself as the anchor point. Mental power brings extremely confusing perception and information. Only the strong stimulation of real existence can stabilize the spiritual world of a rookie like him.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

“That’s good.”

Mr. Si said in a low voice. 7EMk O



After a brief silence, he let go of Su Liang, but he didn’t let the beta leave his lap.

Some kind of secret and filthy impulse was still influencing his mind. Lu Taipan sniffed the fragrance of Leiya Blossoms left on his fingertips again, so as to calm himself down.

Then, the man with an indifferent expression covered the darkness in his eyes, and began to explain to Su Liang the key points of the control inside the cabin. AvbQjz

“…In most cases, the response of the mecha in mental power control is the most sensitive and rapid, but too fast a change of mental power will lead to the low overall stability of the mecha. In this case, we need to use the joystick to control the physical operation to improve the overall movement stability of the mech.”

Obviously because it was the first time he operated a mecha and also had this level of mental strength, his body was so excited that his heartbeat couldn’t slow down at all.

He had obviously sat upright and was a short distance away from Mr. Si’s chest, but Su Liang still felt his back was slightly warm.

3d5Mdp



There was still the heaviness of being firmly pressed down by a man on his back.

“…lasers are directly linked to the mecha’s mental probe, so that individuals can quickly counterattack when attacked. However, heavy weapons must only be controlled by the console to avoid unnecessary waste of ammunition.”

His body was warm.. 0NbKD2

Su Liang thought.

Is it because the interior of the battle mecha didn’t take comfort into consideration? Or is there something wrong with the temperature control sensor?

He felt that the air in the entire cainb became scorching hot, making him a little out of breath.

“…Although it is inconspicuous, standard control gestures are very important for a qualified mecha master…I…can demonstrate it once…” QV4kgN

Su Liang suddenly felt Mr. Si’s chest covering his back, and he shuddered uncontrollably.

Then, he bit his lip in shame.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

The man leaned forward slightly. In order to demonstrate the standard method of manipulating the mecha, he maintained a posture of hugging Su Liang, with one arm around the beta’s waist, while the other hand was raised and directly covered the back of the boy’s hand.

Interlocking fingers. XrAsFK

Ba-dump.

Su Liang suspected that his heart was about to burst out of his chest.

It’s weird.

thJmoA

His body was so hot that he became weak, and his brain was so dizzy and couldn’t function at all.

Without knowing when, the damp fragrance on Mr. Si’s body has become so strong that it makes it difficult to breathe.

What’s more, from that moment on, the man’s smooth and hoarse voice of explanation also disappeared.

Obviously, the standard mecha control gestures should be explained, but the other party maintained that particularly intimate posture and did not move. dlQYXb

Fingertips rubbing fingertips.

The palms overlap with the backs of the hands.

The position of the information glands on the back of Su Liang’s neck was suddenly touched lightly by some cold metal object.

No, that’s not a metal object, but… a wet, cold tip of the tongue. CRQYm8

The cold, indifferent but gentle Mr. Si actually licked him through the metal gap of the muzzle.



“No..”

Su Liang let out an exclamation, and subconsciously moved forward to hide. NOH2TM

But it was such an instinctive dodge that caused the man behind him to react greatly. The man suddenly tightened his arms, and those strong arms were like iron shackles, directly locking Su Liang tightly within his embrace.

“Don’t move.”

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

An unusually hoarse whisper overflowed from the depths of the Snake Lord’s throat indistinctly.

“Do not move.” J7f1n3



He whispered softly, and the edge of the metal muzzle rubbed back and forth from the back of Su Liang’s neck. If it weren’t for the existence of the muzzle, at this moment Su Liang’s back neck would probably have been covered with reddish bite marks.

No matter how dizzy his mind is and no matter how weak his body is, Su Liang at this moment can sense that something is wrong with Mr. Si now.

He tried his best to turn his head, just in time to meet the man’s eyes looking straight at him. b48 Qr

Those were a pair of pure black, greedy and tyrannical eyes like that of a wild beast.

“Mr. Si?”

Su Liang trembled, and habitually called out that name.

But the man didn’t respond at all. He just stretched out his hand suddenly, pinched Su Liang’s chin directly, and forced Su Liang to raise his head slightly. tSmcF1

“Smells good.”



It was still that vague, excited whisper.

Although it was spoken in a human language, it only sounded like the extremely greedy ravings of the monster in the abyss when it finally caught the long-awaited prey. cyaX2U

The alpha’s original aura was cold, like incense covered in snow.

But at this moment, the incense has been burning violently.

An extremely strong and domineering aroma filled the entire cabin, and the man’s extremely powerful mental power was also raging.

The transparent snake of spiritual power seemed to have turned into a giant python, wrapping itself around Su Liang’s body bit by bit. ceZFs3

“You are not quite right now, Mr. Si.” Su Liang felt his knees being pulled away a little bit, and his face suddenly turned pale. He tried his best to say, “Calm down, Mr. Si, I know this is not what you want to do…”

The boy’s eyelids were flushed and his voice was weak.

Chrysanthemum Garden.



The upright, gentle, and indifferent alpha is now like a beast, constantly trying to leave marks on the information glands on the back of Su Liang’s neck. pjx6E9

These very typical actions made Su Liang realize the extremely bad fact that Mr. Si seems to have entered his rut.

It’s just that Su Liang can’t figure out why Mr. Si is so interested in his information gland even though he is clearly a beta.

Especially since the other party seemed to be completely intoxicated, and kept repeating the whisper of “smells good”.

“No……” npubgU





Su Liang felt a little scared.

He struggled feebly, but the more he struggled, the more he couldn’t use his strength. P2EZOn

Instead, the arms wrapped around him and the snake of spiritual power became extremely powerful.

Unknowingly, Su Liang and Mr. Si had already rolled from their seats to the ground.

Su Liang was firmly suppressed on the ground, while the man directly covered him.

This posture is extremely dangerous for him at this moment, and he can already feel the obvious reaction of an alpha in rut. JEnPv5

“Mr. Si! Calm down!”

Su Liang screamed.

“You smell nice.”

But what greeted him was still Mr. Si’s babble that sounded cold, but was actually extremely crazy. dlV2KZ

The only thing that gave Su Liang some comfort was that at least Mr. Si was still wearing a bite stopper, which meant that the worst thing would not happen. As long as he can survive the initial chaotic period, it will probably be fine when the other party calms down a little…

“Don’t be afraid.”

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

At this moment, Su Liang suddenly heard the man behind him whispering to him.

Su Liang was overjoyed suddenly. mcWnjY

But in the next second…

“Crack.”



There was a crisp sound of metal breaking, followed by the sound of a metal object falling to the ground. IxdgfA

Su Liang turned his head to the side, and saw in horror that the alloy fixture that had been torn into pieces by brute force fell beside him onto the ground, was the muzzle that the man had been wearing on his face all along.

Without the cover of the mask, the man’s handsome face was completely revealed.

Facing the terrified gaze of the young man, he suddenly opened his mouth, revealing a smile that could almost be called gentle.

That smile made Su Liang feel creepy. 3FiVGX

“I’ll be gentle, baby.”



“You’ll be in a bit of pain later, I apologize.”

“But you are so cute, I really can’t take it.” nQ sdm

The hoarse, deep voice sounded exactly like the Mr Si that Su Liang knew.

But it was completely different.

It was not a human at all.

The one suppressing Su Liang right now… 6nG2Is

Is just a monster.



Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com





* * *



The author has something to say: zFA9T5

How to say this.

With the muzzle on: tender, restraint, forbearance, old man with a primary school chicken’s sense of love.

When the muzzle is taken off: a mad dog.

During the previous chapters, someone complained that this muzzle was the same thing as the inhibitors in all omegaverse novels that will fail as long as the plot calls for it…. XmMwJa

Me: hahahahahahahahah

I hope that the review will let me go. I really only write things above the neck, only above the neck!!!!!!!!!!!!

Wuwuwuwuwu i’m scared……..

5CEwUn





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 35


Su Liang’s face paled.

“Mr Si….” m2qdLE

At a loss, Su Liang tried his best to maintain his calm and tried to awaken the alpha’s rationality in the middle of his rut, despite knowing its futility.

An indescribable frenzy shrouded the man behind him.



Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

It was different from the normal alphas in rut that Su Liang knew. The man did not yell, nor did he have dazed eyes, he could even talk to Su Liang gently, with extraordinarily orderly movements, but…

It was very scary. pjdgZ9

‘Mr Si’ was really scary.



Su Liang’s pupils constricted, and he watched in horror as the man with dark hair and equally dark pupils dismantled both his exoskeleton and combat uniform piece by piece with a smile on his face, revealing a strong and muscular body.

“You are so cute.”

The man murmured softly, and slowly traced his fingertips along the boy’s cheek to the corner of his mouth.

ADLmK2

The slender fingers, adept at manipulating weapons and mechas, are now carefully inspecting the lips and tongue of the young beta.

Su Liang couldn’t move nor speak. He could only let the crazy man treat him like a child who just got a toy.

Then, Su Liang felt someone gently kiss the back of his neck.



“Very sweet.” FIgN5a

The man let out a low sigh of satisfaction.

Su Liang trembled heavily.

The young beta closed his eyes, took in a deep breath, and tried to calm himself down. He felt as if his mind and body had been completely separated in half by an invisible knife.

His rationality was about to be completely overwhelmed by fear, but his body… 9xCGri

His body was quite hot.

This can’t go on like this, Su Liang thought. Although he can still maintain his basic rationality now, he dare not bet that this kind of rationality will last long.

Mr Si is already out of control, if he were to fall into temptation as well…

Su Liang shivered, unwilling to think about it any further. R4O97T

“Mr Si, it hurts.”

When he opened his eyes again, Su Liang’s previous resistance suddenly changed.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

“Can you let me go for a bit, my waist is about to break.”

He became soft and docile, and he no longer struggled when facing the crazy alpha. ZlQ8tw

And the complaints he made sounded indescribably sweet.

It could almost be called coquettish.

Such a posture, even the alpha whose sanity had completely collapsed could not resist. Just as Su Liang begged, he became gentler uncontrollably.

Because of this, Su Liang took a breath, turned around, and looked at ‘Mr Si’, face to face. 3tvjib

The man’s pupils are still so dark, like the abyss, like a beast.

What surged inside was endless greed and tyranny.

“Mr Si, you scared me.”

Su Liang spoke softly, and despite his pale face and fearful eyes, his tone was extremely sweet, as if he had already formed a bond with the alpha. He whispered to the person in front of him, “Give me a kiss, okay?” hoUnKq

Before he finished speaking, his voice was completely swallowed up.

He got a kiss, and this kiss was as crazy as ‘Mr Si’.

Su Liang received the man’s kiss with great difficulty.





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Aera ktfc atf wjc kjr mbwqifafis lwwfgrfv lc atlr kfa jcv lcalwjaf xlrr, Ve Oljcu’r tjcv kjr ribkis ugbqlcu jgbecv bc atf ugbecv. Lf delmxis abemtfv j ofk qlfmfr bo wfaji, ktlmt kfgf ogjuwfcar bo atf wehhif atja Zg Vl tjv abgc boo ogbw tlwrfio yfobgf.Ve Oljcu alutais rdeffhfv atbrf wfaji ogjuwfcar lc tlr qjiw, jcv atfc kgjqqfv tlr jgwr jgbecv atf wjc’r rtbeivfgr, jr lo tf mbeivc’a yfjg la. J3atof

The man, who had gone through countless dangerous battles did not even have any precautions.

In the next second, Su Liang inserted the metal piece directly into Mr Si’s back without hesitation.

“Wu.”

The space between the metal ridge and the flesh was the best weakness, and the long and narrow metal fragments were directly inserted into the man’s flesh. molDed

The alpha froze for a moment during the sudden attack, but without any hesitation, Su Liang pushed his heavy body away with his knees, and seized the opportunity to quickly flee towards the cockpit door.

Everything happened in a flurry.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

Mahoraga’s cockpit was not that spacious. Su Liang had already reached the closed hatch within a few steps, and his hands were stretched out towards the emergency exit button.

Su Liang’s ankle was captured. 8A4LYh

Then, he was dragged back.

“No!”

A quick and fearful cry came from the boy’s throat. He screamed and struggled, but all his efforts seemed so futile and powerless, and he was dragged back to the place he escaped from a few moments ago. The man’s arms were tightly wrapped around his waist. Su Liang gasped in pain, but this time the other party did not let him go like before.

“It hurts.” sWolpG

He heard Mr Si’s wet and hoarse murmur.

Su Liang trembled, and slowly turned his head.

He smelled blood.

“Drip…” 1TrJCM

The bright red blood was dripping from ‘Mr Si’ continuously.

Su Liang watched helplessly as the man in front of him casually raised and stretched out his hand, and then slowly pulled out something like a metal chain from his spine slowly.

He even heard the soft sound of the metal fragments he had stabbed into the other’s body falling to the ground.

The blood faded from Su Liang’s face little by little. IvMLsy

In contrast, there was an increasingly distorted smile on the alpha’s face in front of him.

In fact, the restraint device located inside Lu Taipan’s metal spine had been activated as early as the moment he lost control. However, the device that could always contain him perfectly in the past did not play its due role this time.

The metal claws that were buried in the alpha’s body was torn out by the alpha who had completely lost control.

The pain that would have incapacitated an ordinary person did not bring back Lu Taipan’s sanity. On the contrary, this extremely terrible pain brought out some extremely bad and terrible hobbies that the man had been suppressing in his nature. d0IoTW

The wound on his back was open and blood was flowing from it, but the pale man above Su Liang’s body was like a wild beast in the jungle, with bright eyes. He looked extremely happy and excited, even his eyelids were slightly red.

As for Su Liang’s previous behaviour of attacking and trying to escape, it perfectly stimulated the rutting alpha’s primitive instinct. Su Liang couldn’t even make a sound at this time. It seemed that to prevent it’s ‘mate’s escape from happening again, the man’s spiritual power snake completely twisted Su Liang into immobility.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Fear made Su Liang’s eyes moist.

But this did not arouse the man’s sanity at all. cGgzeV

“Don’t go.”

The man uttered this chaotic and vague raving.

Then, he gently hugged Su Liang, just like how he taught Su Liang how to control the mecha at the beginning, letting Su Liang sit on his lap.

“Wuwu…” clGo1y

Amidst the boy’s sobs, the monster who woke up in the darkness bent down and pressed his lips against the beta’s neck, which exuded a sweet breath.

“You belong to me.”

After that hoarse, greedy, and fierce claim, the man bit Su Liang mercilessly.

The information glands that haven’t fully matured are simply unable to resist the tyrannical pheromones of the elite alpha. NGQ40y

The moment the pheromone was injected, Su Liang passed out.

If given the choice, Su Liang would rather lose consciousness until this tragic and terrifying event is over.

But soon, the strong burning sensation and the strange feeling of being completely occupied by unfamiliar pheromones forced Su Liang to return to this waking nightmare again.

It’s hard to say that the wound on the back of the neck is painful or numb. Su Liang’s whole body has completely softened. Even without the restraint of the alpha’s mental power, he might not be able to move. kx5swS

So hot….

It hurts…

“So pitiful.”

Su Liang heard a low sigh, and then his body was carefully moved. 1WdjwH

After feeling the heat from the strong man, Su Liang, who was in a state of confusion, suddenly became short of breath.

No…

Chrysanthemum Garden.

“It will be comfortable after a while.”

‘Mr. Si’ said hoarsely against his ear. FDIM5S

Su Liang remembered with horror that the real marking behavior between an alpha and omega is far more than the exchange of pheromones on the information glands.

In fact, the mutual exchange of pheromones is just the beginning of a long marking behavior. The alpha’s pheromone will make the omega’s body react, so that those who are weak in physique can better adapt to the next crazy and brutal behavior. Similarly, the omega will also release a soothing pheromone, so that their partner will not get too out of control in the next step….

The worse thing is that as soon as Su Liang realized that the alpha’s pheromones had an effect on a beta like him for some reason, his body had gradually begun to lose control.

All of his senses became extremely sharp. fUbVd1

His blood was burning.

Even his originally firm reason is crumbling in front of the huge void.

“Don’t want.”

Su Liang struggled involuntarily and spoke, wy V5C

And it wasn’t until he opened his mouth that he realised that his voice was crying, and that his face was full of tears.

He actually cried.

It seemed that everything was completely out of control.

He didn’t understand why things have become the way they were right now, and that he and Mr Si shouldn’t be like this. 2JpPGw

Su Liang never liked to cry, even when he was abandoned by Lu Zhizhao and forced to fight with others in the “garbage dump”, even when he knew that he was terminally ill and dying soon, he never cried.

Tears can never solve any problems, because in a desperate situation, no one will pity you because of tears.

Crying is an extremely weak and useless behavior, Su Liang has always thought so.

But at this moment, he finally shed tears of despair. aJsDUg

“Mr. Si…help me…”

He clearly was aware that the person who imprisoned him, the madman was actually Mr Si, but when he completely collapsed, Su Liang subconsciously called out the name of the person he trusted the most.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

Crystal tears flowed down his cheeks and dripped on Lu Taipan’s chest.

The alpha who should have completely lost his mind, paused slightly after hearing that extremely pitiful whimper. inqjKI

In his pure black pupils, there was a faint flash of clarity.

His chest hurts.

It was obvious that his entire body was about to explode due to his extremely strong instinct. The sweet, lingering fresh scent was already within reach, but the extreme happiness was mixed with an uncontrollable pain because of that low cry.

Not….right…. 9X f52

It was like slowly floating up from the frozen dark sea.

Lu Taipan struggled with great difficulty in his frenzy, and got a chance to win a short sliver of clarity.

He suddenly stretched out a hand forcefully, and hugged the boy in his arms tightly.

He frantically sniffed the sweet scent that belonged to Su Liang, and took it as comfort to maintain his weak sanity. At the same time, he reached for his boots with his other hand, and took out his usual tactical short knife. jrR9V4

“Chi.”

When he heard that wet, muffled sound from his flesh, Su Liang didn’t realize what it meant.

He only knew that at the moment when he was completely desperate, the mad man in front of him suddenly let go of his arm, and then pushed him out forcefully.

“Go!” leFjLy

He heard a steady voice, and that voice undoubtedly belonged to Mr. Si whom he was familiar with!

Then he lowered his head and saw in horror the dark handle of the short knife on the man’s abdomen, as well as the extremely hideous and terrifying wound caused by the short knife.

At that moment just now, Lu Taipan nailed himself directly to the cabin deck with that short knife.

Lu Taipan was very clear regarding his situation. EQkaSq

Ordinary pain will only make him crazier, and he will not be able to maintain his sanity for too long.

However, this kind of huge wound, which was one step away from life threatening, can at least give Su Liang a chance to escape.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

“Go, while I can still control myself!”

Lu Taipan said to Su Liang with a pale face. Within seconds, a pool of conspicuous blood caused by the Snake Den’s knife flowed out under his body. Every groove and every inch on the blade was designed for killing people, and Lu Taipan nailed himself with it directly. MJLOCh

Accompanied by his shout, Mahoraga automatically opened the door hatch under his command. A light leaked through the hatch into the dimly lit cabin.

Su Liang’s lips trembled slightly, hesitating for a short moment, then turned his head suddenly, fleeing towards the outside of the mecha with the last bit of strength in his body.

And the moment he escaped from Mahoraga…

“Dididi.” i8YhLV

“Emergency blockade of area a121.”

“Viper Guard team 1 and team 2 are in place.”

“The mental power blocking device is in place.”

The dazzling red light suddenly filled Su Liang’s world with extremely ear-piercing warning sounds. 5U6lJB

Supporting his knees, Su Liang reluctantly took a few steps forward.

Through his blurred vision, he vaguely saw a small group of fully armed Viper soldiers in pitch-black combat uniforms running towards him.

“Save…save Mr. Si…”

Su Liang only had time to utter such a whisper, and the next second, he passed out. dcnxGP





* * *



The author has something to say:

Un, it finally happened.

Stabbing himself in order to stay sane…. 5Tqir2

Today’s author is also an earth dog.jpg

Then I flipped through the outline, what about the next plotline? The little gong, who was knocked unconscious in the laboratory by anesthesia, suddenly woke up and slammed into the wall when he noticed the little shou coming… what if the little shou suddenly felt sore in his stomach, thinking it was an injury from the previous bump, but actually he had genital growths in his body or something…

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

Erm, it’s very rustic, so be mentally prepared.

QmzgL5

tn: i have no idea what the author is cooking (actually i do) but when you consider the fact that this same author also wrote like zerg romances (Mother of Insects on NU and 倒霉直男意外变成虫母之后/After the unlucky straight dude became an insect mother) you kinda accept whatever this is….. I was kinda waiting on the lu taipan bashing comments but to be fair hes been repressed for like… a lot of years…… uncle is actually gentle…..





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 36


“Ah Zhao, what does an alpha’s rut feel like?”

“It feels… worse than death.” S8vyjs

Su Liang felt that he must still be dreaming.

In the dream, he once experienced a failed life.



Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

He and Lu Zhizhao were sitting in a simple, yet cozy shack in the slums, sharing a conversation immersed in temptation and hesitation.

The time when they had it… that’s right, Su Liang remembered. It happened after Lu Zhizhao’s most serious rut happened after they eloped. JXgNDf

Before that happened, Su Liang, who was a beta, would have never thought that the normally strong, hearty and proud alpha would degenerate into madness due to pheromones.



Even Lu Zhizhao himself did not expect the insanity caused by that rut. When he was still in the Lu Family, once they detected that he was about to enter rut, the private doctors will inject him with various hormone-controlling drugs in order to relieve his madness. Although the alpha-specific inhibitors on the market are very well developed, they were more like a placebo for the S-leveled Alpha like Lu Zhizhao.

And since they eloped, they were estranged from the meticulous care of the Lu family’s medical resources, causing Lu Zhizhao’s attack to be very serious.

If Su Liang hadn’t tried his best to lure Lu Zhizhao into the crypt in the end, and took the opportunity to lock the heavy iron gate that leads to it, the young man who would smile brightly and take good care of him might even do irreparable things to Su Liang.

VigP p

As a beta, Su Liang was completely unable to release the omega pheromones that can help stabilize emotions. Once he meets an alpha in rut, his end can only be extremely miserable.

Well, even if the worst thing didn’t happen in the end, Su Liang’s state was miserable enough. When Lu Zhizhao finally woke up, Su Liang’s body was already covered with scars.

After being resisted by his target, the berserk alpha used violence instinctively.



Su Liang had many resistance wounds on his body, and it was also due to this incident that he discovered that his allergy reaction towards Lu Zhizhao’s pheromones could be so severe. ou4kmD

“I’m sorry, Xiao Liang, I never thought of hurting you, I just… I just couldn’t control myself…”

Su Liang’s body was covered by a thick blanket. The bruises and sprained joints on his body were all aching.

He was silent for a long time, before sighing and asking that sentence.

“…Is it so uncomfortable for you alphas to not be relieved by the omega pheromones?” pOyJol

Lu Zhizhao knelt down in front of him. He who had gone berserk in the crypt had a bruised face, and looked quite embarrassed.

The once high-spirited young man now seemed to be caged in ashes, and he felt so guilty that he was nearly in tears.

“It’s all my fault. I should have found a place to spend it by myself as soon as possible. I was too careless, I obviously felt that something was wrong with my body, but I…. I lost control of my body. You know, Xiao Liang, it was as if there was a fire burning in my body, I felt like I had gone crazy….”

Having said that, Lu Zhizhao showed a depressed expression once again. SMsNvq

“It would be great if my level was a little lower, so that I can still use inhibitors.”

The slender boy who loved Lu Zhizhao back then did not answer.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

And now, Su Liang no longer remembers what he was thinking at that time.

“I will definitely not do this again, Xiao Liang. If I’m in my rut again, I will definitely avoid you. I swear, this is the last time I’ll hurt you.” zKG8My

“I will never let you suffer again. It’s my fault, it’s really my fault…”





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Gradually, Lu Zhizhao’s voice, and the dilapidated shack blurred into one.

“Gglq….”

“Gglq…” hRa1xn

Ve Oljcu’r ygfjatlcu yfmjwf rtbga jcv ijybgfv.

Ktf reggbecvlcu rmfcf ugjvejiis yfujc ab mtjcuf jibcurlvf atf rmfca bo rkffa yibbv. Pc atf yilcx bo jc fsf, Ve Oljcu obecv atja tf tjv revvfcis gfaegcfv ab Zjtbgjuj’r cjggbk jcv vlw mjylc.

Ccv atf jiqtj lc ogbca bo tlw revvfcis aegcfv lcab jcbatfg qjif, uibbws, jcv tjcvrbwf wjc.

It was Mr Si. cdK6Nv

Su Liang looked at the man in front of him in horror. The man’s face was ashen, and he was lying silently on the mecha’s floor. His body was covered with black and dark blood. His chest did not rise, or fall. An extremely hideous wound with only the handle of a pitch-black dagger visible.

The man had already died from his severe injuries.

Mr Si!

Su Liang gasped, waking up from the extremely terrifying nightmare. t8AIXF

It’s just that the moment his consciousness returned to his body, the intense discomfort in his body also returned instantly.

There was a dressing on the back of his neck, and the medicine brought a cooling sensation towards the skin there. Even so, it couldn’t suppress the burning sensation from the depths of his information glands.

His body felt heavy, his muscles were aching, and there was an indescribable soreness inside his body.

Although he has come to his senses, both his thoughts and all of his senses seem to be submerged in water, disassociating from the outside world. dKvEhA

Su Liang could only vaguely notice that there seemed to be someone arguing beside him. One of the voices was very familiar, and the other was very strange.

“…Su Liang should move out of the Snake Den immediately! If he remains here, no one can guarantee that won’t continue to affect the Snake Lord!”

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“Please, Bai Nian, just calm down. This place is so far away from the boss’ confinement field, how could Su Liang affect him….”

“Before, you guys thought that Su Liang was a beta, so even if there were obvious signs of his pheromones developing, just because its value was low enough, you guys thought that it didn’t matter if the Snake Lord stayed with him! But look at the current situation now, the Snake Lord, he… damn it, if it weren’t for this beta, he wouldn’t get so bad at all!” nDNMys

“I know you admire the boss the most, so it would be messy if you care too much. No one can predict this kind of thing…. And this time, it’s obviously the Snake Den’s fault. We should have knelt down and apologize to Su Liang, don’t vent your anger here….”

“Xue Yinhuan, whose side are you on?”

“I’m on the side of justice… …No, you are also a medical officer after all, so you should be calmer and more objective in your work…”

Although he couldn’t hear what those two people were arguing at all, Su Liang still frowned unbearably. 0nb6q1

He groaned in pain and tried hard to sit up.

The next second, the quarreling around him suddenly became quiet.

“Xiao Liang, you finally woke up!”

The cold and viscous treatment liquid was drawn out little by little, and after the arc-shaped treatment compartment cover was opened, Xue Yinhuan’s shout of surprise suddenly became clear. z7Wp9X

“Cough cough….. cough…”



Su Liang coughed out the healing liquid in his throat and nasal cavity in embarrassment, and then turned sideways to look at the person beside him with difficulty.

The moment the black combat uniform of the baby-faced youth came into view, Su Liang shrank almost instinctively. ocSBZy

Immediately afterwards, everything that happened before flooded into Su Liang’s mind.

The mecha, the cockpit, the madness of the rut period, and… finally, Mr. Si’s bloody wound.

“Mr. Si?!”

YC6ftg

Su Liang subconsciously wanted to sit up, but as soon as his body exerted force, he couldn’t stand it and fell back down.

It’s not that there are any unbearably painful wounds on his body, but that there was a sudden burst of soreness in a vague place deep in his body, which made him unable to use his strength for a moment.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

“Be careful! Take it easy! Your treatment period hasn’t passed yet!”

Xue Yinhuan yelled quickly, supported Su Liang, and pushed him back into the treatment cabin. kV7SeY

“It takes at least a few days for you to recover…” Xue Yinhuan muttered, his eyes pausing on Su Liang’s face. Then, he turned his head very nervously and shouted at a figure beside him, “Bai Nian, come over and have a look, what’s going on with Su Liang, he looks so pale.”

The man stood there for quite a while before arriving at the treatment cabin step by step.



It was a young man with a handsome appearance, but his face, skin and hair color were different from those on Earth. tK4VdN

The skin is slightly bluish white, the pupils are plum purple, and the short hair is bright golden…

This incomparably bright color scheme made Su Liang a little familiar.

And Xue Yinhuan quickly cleared his doubts for him. “Su Liang, this is Bai Nian, the chief medical officer of our Snake Den. Although he is young, he is actually very powerful. He is a Leiya halfblood. You know the Leiya people, manipulating and regulating mental power is a must! By the way, those Leiya plants you raised before were also raised by him, haha, but he couldn’t raise them at all. And then, he had no choice but to find people on earth to raise them. I didn’t expect you to help raise them….”

sx3f7Z



Xue Yinhuan tried to mediate the atmosphere by simply introducing the two of them to each other.

But even Su Liang, who had just woken up from a coma and was still in a mess, felt that Xue Yinhuan might as well shut up if he opened his mouth.

…The medical officer named Bai Nian had a sullen face, but after hearing about the Leiya Blossoms, his expression became significantly worse. r2Qo5J

He ignored Xue Yinhuan, maintained an extremely indifferent expression, and gave Su Liang a simple check.

After casually writing down the readings of various test data, Bai Nian passed Su Liang and spoke to Xue Yinhuan. “He is too weak, and he has been injected with a large dose of high-grade alpha pheromone in a short period of time. His body is somewhat unable to adapt. That’s all. You don’t have to worry so much.”

Xue Yinhuan’s eyes widened, and he asked nervously: “How can this be nothing more than that? Su Liang has accepted the pheromone of…” Halfway through speaking, the young Viper almost slipped his tongue, and hastily mumbled, before continuing. “There won’t be any sequelae, right?”

Bai Nian sneered. “Since you question my judgment, why don’t you become a medical officer?” sXSGDT

“Ah?”



Chrysanthemum Garden.

Xue Yinhuan was suddenly stuck.

Bai Nian glared at him, then walked straight out of the ward. Xue Yinhuan was left behind and apologized to Su Liang with a bitter face. “I’m sorry, that kid has been in a particularly bad mood recently, that’s how those Leiya people are like. By the way, don’t be nervous. Bai Nian said you are fine, you should be fine. I’m just nervous, don’t you know that I once was randomly smoked by that, by his pheromones, and then I felt headache, stomach pain and leg cramps for several days, which was very scary. As far as you are concerned, his level is really high, and ordinary people really can’t stand it. How do you feel now? Are you uncomfortable? If you feel sick, just tell….” 4FSwpL

Su Liang looked at Xue Yinhuan quietly, and it took a long time before he spoke.



“How is Mr. Si?”

Xue Yinhuan’s face froze, as if he really wanted to kneel down to Su Liang. M4ncvf

“I’m sorry! He hasn’t been able to apologize to you in time, but I’m here to solemnly apologize to you on behalf of Snake Den.”

Su Liang interrupted Xue Yinhuan, and asked again. “I know that Mr. Si…he is not the kind of person who does this kind of thing and doesn’t show up. Xiao Huan, what happened?”

Xue Yinhuan’s face collapsed.

“This…” u9Dc8j

A trace of unconcealable frustration also flashed in his eyes.

“He’s still alive.”

He said.



* * *



But he was just ‘alive’. xQAdaZ

A few days later, Su Liang, who was finally able to get out of bed, was standing in the deep underground prison. He looked at the man who was half-hanging, motionless in the air, behind the huge glass partition wall. Locked firmly by countless alloy restraints, those words flashed through his mind.



* * *



The author has something to say: The plot thickens.

When the previous chapter was released, I silently wrote a new chapter.

Unsurprisingly, there is yet another chapter today. R75gzA

After all, I know that everyone doesn’t like drama, hm.

A sock arches away in frustration.

Chrysanthemum Garden.



tn: wow it seems that i’ve been updating so often lately… time to go mia for another 3 months (jk 69OIN

hope you guys enjoy this sudden burst of chapters, updates will go back to twice a week when september comes _(:3/ i just couldnt handle leaving you all on cliffhangers on cliffhangers… also for the next chapter: lu taipan as jesus





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 37


The confinement field used to seal the Snake Den Lord was located deep underground.

The reason why the confinement field was set here was not to isolate the influence of external pheromones towards the man, but rather, it was to prevent the man’s shattered mental power and strongly corrosive pheromones from killing everyone in the side courtyard immediately when he went completely insane. KYasX8

The entire confinement field was an unusually spacious cylindrical deep well structure, and a huge glass curtain wall divides the deep well into two halves. One of the sides is where the Snake Den’s personnel were located. The Vipers in white coats and black combat uniforms were busy talking, and everyone looked dignified. Numerous complicated monitoring equipment and confinement device control terminals are scattered all around, monitoring the man on the other side of the barrier constantly.

There was a dead silence on the other side of the barrier.



Chrysanthemum Garden.

There was a man hanging there.

His head hung down, and his long black hair covered his handsome and seductive face. The man had his hands spread, like a victim on an ancient religious totem, and his whole body was firmly suspended in the air by a ring-shaped strong magnetic restraint. WQUq5Z

His upper body was naked, but from the waist down, it was sealed by layers of black python-like alloy iron cables. Every connection on the metal ridge was connected to cables and intravenous lines.



Every inch of the man’s skin was pale, and his figure was graceful and elegant; like a marble statue left by an ancient god in the world. However, if it was a real stone statue of the gods, there would not be so many terrible wounds on its body that have not yet healed.

Compared with those wounds, even the huge wound left by forcibly nailing himself to the deck in order to let Su Liang escape seems insignificant…

“How could this be?”

YT6Feu

Although he had a premonition that Mr Si’s condition would not be very good, after seeing the other party’s current appearance with his own two eyes, Su Liang still felt a huge shock. It was as if his soul had been immersed in ice-cold water.

“I don’t understand….” Su Liang murmured.

Wasn’t Mr Si a member of the Snake Den?



Shouldn’t he be treated with the most delicate and secure care? N mKtu

But, why can Su Liang wake up in a comfortable and soft treatment cabin, but now that man is treated so cruelly and indifferently like an alien beast captured by a hunting team?

“There is no other way.”

The artificial intelligence that brought Su Liang here spoke calmly beside him.

“He’s in bad shape, but we’re not in a position to treat him further. All the confinement measures you see are designed to keep him dormant. This is to enable him to maintain his basic survival, and it is also a solution that has to be adopted for the safety of everyone’s life. ” IMeizd

“Keep… dormant?”

Su Liang frowned. From Steward’s explanation, it seemed that Mr. Si was not a human being at all, but a biochemical weapon in an out-of-control state.

“Once he has the authority to move, even if he is unconscious, we still cannot resist his indiscriminate attacks—”

As if to prove that what he said was true, Steward waved his hand lightly. Following the silent instructions of the artificial intelligence, other staff members began to exit. 25N4d





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Vbbc, bcis Vafkjgv jcv Ve Oljcu kfgf ifoa lc atf qglrbc.

Coafg mifjglcu atf olfiv, j wfaji vbbg ribkis gbrf ogbw j mbgcfg bo atf qglrbc olfiv, gfnfjilcu j qlif bo wfaji bypfmar qlifv eq lcrlvf.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Ve Oljcu abbx j mibrfg ibbx jcv kjr regqglrfv ab olcv atja atbrf wfaji tliir aegcfv bea ab yf mbwqbrfv bo mbecaifrr ygbxfc jiibs raffi mjyifr, aklrafv jcv ygbxfc kfjqbcr, jeabwjalm vfofcrf gbybar atja kfgf jiwbra vlrwjcaifv lcab qjgar, ogjuwfcafv rtlfivr..jcv njglber batfgr.

They are just like the waste that has just been cleaned up from a battlefield after a fierce battle. Every wreckage was quite seriously damaged. 9NVpOy

Su Liang couldn’t even imagine what kind of weapon could cause such tragic damage to them.

But he quickly reacted, and a terrible idea slowly emerged in connection with Steward’s previous words.

“This……”

“During the few days you were in a coma, he woke up several times. He was quite manic and caused some damage that you can see now.” H6KfYE

Spoke Steward.

Immediately afterwards, the glass barrier changed into a translucent screen following Steward’’s thoughts, and the scene that appeared on it was a large ruined area.

If it wasn’t for the label at the bottom of the screen, Su Liang would never have imagined that the ruins were the mecha training ground where he was before.

“In the end, we had to use unconventional means to stabilize ‘him’. I mean, put him in a complete coma.” TH 7k6

Steward pointed to the dropper behind ‘Mr. Si’, continuously injecting medicine into the man’s body, and the cables that continuously release nerve-suppressing biological currents.

“These… how could they be caused by humans?”

Su Liang’s breathing became short of breath. With a pale face, he tried his best to suppress the guess that kept rising in his heart.

However, since he woke up from the treatment cabin, all the details he observed were silently revealing the glaring fact to him. TauCqy

“Of course, it is impossible for ordinary humans to cause such huge damage to the personnel and various infrastructures of the Snake Den, but it is possible for an SS-leveled alpha.”

Steward’s silicone face looked very dull.

“I’m sorry that my master, Lu Taipan, hid his real identity from you during the previous process of getting along with you. I think he just didn’t want you to be frightened, and didn’t realize that he would suffer from his rut period arriving late and getting out of hand, and doing so much physical and psychological harm to you.”

Obviously there were no inflections of the electronic sound, but Su Liang somehow heard a trace of deep apology from the Steward’s words. DN7B9b

But at this moment, he couldn’t even think about why an artificial intelligence could behave so humanely. There were only those three words in his mind——

Lu Taipan.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Mr. Si’s real identity is Lu Taipan.

Lord of the Snake Den. rxCvhT

The head of the Lu family.

The Earth Alliance’s only SS-level Alpha, the God of War, Hero, Demon…

And, a madman.

“…Master, he suffers from a very serious pheromone disorder, which causes his mental state to be extremely bad. Once he enters his rut, he can’t control himself at all.” ahvom2

Steward was still desperately apologizing and explaining to Su Liang.

“Pheromone disorder.”

Su Liang repeated subconsciously.

Because he suffered from pheromone disorder, Mr. Si, no, it should be said, Lu Taipan, in the mecha, suddenly did such a thing to him as if he was a different person. nbtf i

Su Liang unconsciously covered the back of his neck.

The bite marks left by the man are still burning up to now, just like the unusually thick alpha pheromone left in Su Liang’s body with an extremely strong sense of presence.

Su Liang vaguely remembered the things that Lu Zhizhao had revealed to him intermittently in his previous life.

[“It’s an incurable disease. Ordinary people can’t bear that level of backlash. That man’s pheromone disorder is too serious, and his mental power has been rising. In the end, his mental power can’t be appeased. In the end, It can only melt his own spiritual sea.”] I9laJd

[“There is no way… Everyone knows this. Lu Taipan will only become a complete lunatic in the end. I hope he will be ready before that day comes, but don’t go crazy without warning. Once an alpha of his level loses control, it will be a complete man-made disaster. I just hope that the Lu family will not pay too much for it…”]

[“Pain should be painful. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be like that. I heard that as long as there is a little bit of external pheromone stimulation, he will completely collapse. I heard that there were a few similar cases before, but those people were at most A-level, and the most iron-blooded alpha didn’t persist for half a year after suffering from pheromone disorder. His family wanted to save him, so he was sent to the hospital. In the center, he smashed the wall like it was made out of foam, and finally died after struggling for several days. Who made the A-level alpha’s physique too strong? Alas, I heard that it was indeed because of too much pain. “]

It was so painful, so painful that the whole person was completely insane, but that person suddenly woke up. Even though the sobriety was so short and the price was so tragic, he still let Su Liang find a chance to escape from him.

After that? lM0f4I

He fell into madness again? Those wounds on his body were left on him by other Vipers in order to subdue him? In order to restrain such a powerful and terrifying existence, even the Vipers can’t hold back the leader they once trusted. But Mr Si, who was pierced by those weapons, restrained like a prisoner, and forcibly sealed by drugs, will he also feel that pain in the depths of his chaotic consciousness?

“Mr. Si…”

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

Countless chaotic thoughts flashed through his mind, Su Liang should have been extremely surprised by Mr. Si’s real identity.

However, at this moment, his mind was filled with the image of Lu Taipan nailing himself to the deck with a knife that day. k2Gba0

He turned his head and stared at the lifeless and motionless Snake Den Lord. He felt that his heart had shrunk into a hard and small ball, like a small ball of lead that had been moved and pressing heavily on his chest.

Before he knew it, he had already arrived in front of the glass barrier.

Although Lu Taipan has been forced to sleep, the overflowing mental power of the other party will still make others feel extremely uncomfortable. The area near the barrier is empty, and everyone will bypass it whether intentionally or unintentionally.

Su Liang stood here for a long time. USz6HV

He even involuntarily raised his hand and placed it on the extremely thick and cold barrier. Just like this, it was as if he could really touch that man.

“Why is this person here—”

Suddenly, an indifferent voice came from a distance.

Immediately afterwards, a young Leiya man in a white robe entered the prison aggressively. X87fZh

“Medical Officer Bai Nian.”

Steward greeted the other party.

“It is not your shift yet. It’s very touching to see you working with such enthusiasm.”

It said. Sz46X0

Hearing the conversation between the two, Su Liang recovered from his trance.

But before he could react, there was a pain in his wrist; Bai Nian went straight forward, and then dragged Su Liang down from the barrier extremely rudely.

“Medical Officer Bai Nian, please calm down–”

“Please stay away from the Snake Lord.” KmMfbI

Bai Nian did not pay attention to Steward’s exclamation at all. His face was ashen, and as he spoke to Su Liang word by word, his voice could almost be called a low growl.

“I….”

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“You are a serious safety hazard to the Snake Lord. I hope you can be understanding.”



* * *



tn: i really, really, dislike bai nian. next chapter: uncle comes back (after 2 chapters without him!!) Also, thanks for the supporters! this is the extra ko-fi chapter~ UE4kVY





Translator's Note

jesus

Translator's Note

he says ‘this is the only solution for us with no solution’, 这是没办法的办法, something like desperate measures, last resort etc





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 38


“You’ve seriously aggravated the Snake Lord. If it weren’t for you, things wouldn’t have gotten so bad.”

Bai Nian told Su Liang. LwAzFI

Su Liang did not answer.

He stared blankly at the Leiyan in front of him, the blood escaping from his face.



Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

Bai Nian’s words were ugly, but to a certain extent, Su Liang couldn’t refute – even though everyone had told him that Lu Taipan’s loss of control was due to an accident, the doubts and hidden worries in his heart never really faded because of these excuses.

Did Mr Si… Lu Taipan’s madness really has nothing to do with him? 0WZpjx

Su Liang was not sure about this.



“Medical Officer Bai Nian, young master Su Liang has undergone multiple inspections prior and after the accident. Even now, his pheromone overflow value has not exceeded the dangerous value. It can even be said that his pheromone value is lower than the value detected in the Vipers who spend their time day and night with the lord, even after wearing a pheromone isolation device–”

Steward interrupted the Leiyan youth’s bitter accusation, wanting to speak up, but Bai Nian raised his voice. “So what! The Snake Lord is still out of control! He has never lost control for so many years, why did he lose control right after he came here?!”

“As an individual with SS mental power, as well as his pheromone disorder, it is inevitable for the master to lose control. Ergo, the Snake Den has already prepared for such.” Steward stepped forward calmly, its bionic body tall enough for Su Liang to hide behind it.

QuPOWo

Facing Bai Nian, the AI’s voice sounded a little cold. “Also, I have checked all the body monitoring values of the master when he was in the same room as young master Su Liang during these past few periods, and I can certainly inform you this. When he was with young master Su Liang, all of the master’s values were perfect. There are some signs of numerical, and even substantial improvement.”

“I don’t think that the Snake Lord’s improvement some time ago has something to do with a beta–”

“Close contact with young master Su Liang did not cause the master to lose control as you mentioned. According to my calculations, Su Liang’s pheromones have a high probability of improving the master’s poor health.”



Bai Nian’s face became increasingly ugly. He stared at the android in front of him, his tone turning from embarrassment to anger. JUW 4Y

“How can you be so sure of this? You are not even a professional medical AI! Besides, the Snake Lord’s frenzy has already destroyed your core crystal chip, right? Now, you don’t have extra computing power for medical support, otherwise you wouldn’t be so anxious to let me administer treatment on the Snake Lord – in other words, you have no way to guarantee that this beta can help stabilize the lord. What if he aggravates the Lord instead?!”

“Medical Officer Bai Nian, it seems that your personal feelings for the master have seriously interfered with your medical duties.”

Steward’s electronic eyes flickered as he calmly spoke to Bai Nian.

“I don’t…” BunQoT

The argument between the AI and Bai Nian was actually not too vulgar or noisy, but as the central character of this quarrel, Su Liang’s face gradually paled as the conversation progressed.

It seemed that in a trance, he returned to his previous life.

In his last life, those members of the Lu family also rushed in front of him, accusing him non-stop. They said that he shamelessly seduced the only hope of the Lu family, and that he used extremely despicable means to make Lu Zhizhao fall in love with him…

Su Liang felt his chest tighten. He didn’t like this feeling very much. PN 7RD

His physical discomfort became extremely intense at this moment, and Su Liang felt an uncontrollable fear.

He did not realize due to the concentration of pheromones being far lower than the lower average, but because of his physical and mental stress, he gradually acquired a bitter aura of sadness.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

It was even more impossible for him to realize that the alpha shouldn’t have responded to his pheromones. Yet, the alpha, who was forced into a dormant state, moved his eyes under his eyelids.

[His lover is currently under duress…] 4t2Qh8

“Steward, I’m sorry. I think Medical Officer Bai Nian was right, maybe I shouldn’t bother Mr…. the master’s treatment.”

Su Liang gently tugged on Steward’s cuff, and only when he spoke did he found out that his voice sounded extremely weak.

[Although he was completely unable to form a coherent thought, he knew that his mate is very young, very weak, and needed his protection.]

“You have never disturbed us-” Steward turned his head to look at Su Liang. After observing Su Liang’s state however, the AI immediately changed the subject. “But I can see that your physical condition is very poor now. I apologize, I should have noticed earlier. Please allow me to take you back to the recuperation ward immediately, young master Su Liang.” 6gE0dq

After he finished speaking, Steward politely waved his hand to the pale-faced Bai Nian in farewell. He then supported the teetering boy and began to walk towards the exit.

[That pheromone is fading…. That person… is moving away from me…..]

[Someone is taking him away.]

[No… absolutely not allowed….] Usu30j

“Crack–”

But just as they were about to leave the deep well hall of the containment field, a sudden change occurred.

“Warning–”

“Warning, sharp increase in the target’s mental value has been detected—” dvt8Ho

“Warning, nerve blocking system 2-11, anesthetic device a022, 8211 has failed.”

“Warning, the strong magnetic confinement ring is being destroyed. Failure rate 89%….71%….42%……”

“The second emergency barrier has been triggered, and the target begins to leave dormancy.”





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


“Jjiilcu atf Nlqfg rdejv…” rfFsZN

Ktf oglutafclcu vjgx gfv kjgclcu iluta revvfcis vsfv atf fcalgf mbcolcfwfca olfiv j yibbv-ilxf gfv.

Yc atf wbclabglcu fdelqwfca erfv ab vfafma Oe Kjlqjc’r njglber qtsrlbibulmji rlucr, atf bglulcjiis ufcaif kjnfifcuatr yfujc ab yfja nlbifcais.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Ktf olgra atlcu Ve Oljcu tfjgv kjr j rtglii, rtjgq rbecv jr atf wfaji kjr qeiifv.

Then, there was the roar of electronic equipment exploding, but with the extremely thick explosion-proof glass barrierl, even the explosion sound became very dull. HUug5E

But this is enough to make the hair stand on end and make people terrified.

Su Liang looked at the other side of the glass barrier in shock. Just a few minutes ago, the man who was lifeless and wrapped in layers of confinement like a corpse, had opened his eyes at some point.

He shook his neck slowly, and easily broke off the strong magnetic fastening ring that hadn’t completely failed, just like dismantling a toy. Then, he tore off the cables that were tightly wrapped on his body.

Su Liang didn’t know how he did it, but the moment he was freed, the military-grade equipment carefully designed to imprison him burst out into groups of purple-blue lightning, followed by orange-red flames and black smoke. yc7oPq

In just a few seconds, the area on the other side of the confinement field had turned into ruins.

The warning sirens, one after another, blaring through the world..

It was as if the sealed Demon King had finally awakened.

And both the Gods and the Earth are trembling because of his existence. aO6Bu4

In this extremely chaotic world, Su Liang felt an extremely strong gaze.

It was Lu Taipan.

The man’s pure black gaze crossed the glass barrier, and fell directly on him.

Su Liang shuddered violently, and he could feel every hair on the back of his neck stand on end because of that momentary gaze. upY0JO

That fierce beast named Lu Taipan had no reason in his eyes, only pure madness and avarice.

Mr Si… just got out of dormancy.

However, he did not wake up.

As early as the moment the alarm blared, all of the Vipers and medical assistants who had exited the confinement field before had rushed back into the monitoring room. TsCb0L

They panicked, frantically manipulating the functioning devices in an attempt to bring Lu Taipan back into a controllable state.

“Where’s the spare restraining device? Why didn’t the spare respond?”

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

“Damnit, the Snake Lord has gone berserk again!”

“The mental value is rising rapidly. Everyone, equip your buffering equipment!” iM1Rn7

Amidst the terrified voices, Bai Nian’s shout was particularly high-pitched. “Replenish the Snake Lord with the powerful K-11 Anesthetic! It doesn’t matter if you use anesthesia bombs or forced injections with suspension arms! It doesn’t matter! Make sure to return him to a dormant state, otherwise his body won’t be able to bear the burden of this mental violence!”

Su Liang did not stay any longer.

After realizing that the situation went awry, Steward quickly lifted Su Liang up.

Then, the android took Su Liang towards the escape elevator at an astonishing speed. “Young master Su Liang, for your safety, we’d better leave the confinement field as soon as possible. It is difficult for non-professional fighters to deal with the Snake Lord in such a rampant state. If you don’t escape in time, your life may be in danger.” rOgUdC

As if to confirm Steward’s concern, Su Liang heard a loud noise the next second.

He was startled, and couldn’t help turning his head. Looking over Steward’s shoulder, what he was was the man who, like a monster, tore off his last restraint, jumping down from midair.

He came to the glass barrier and raised his hand–

“Boom—” X1Bw6z

In the next second, the isolation barrier, which was designed to withstand the attack strength of thirty rounds of plasma cannons, instantly turned into crackling and falling crystal fragments.

[….Return….to me.]

Was it an illusion?

Su Liang always felt that, at that moment, amidst the ear-piercing roars and warnings, there was an inaudible murmur. fMdlHI

In the next second, the man’s pale and terrifying figure disappeared before Su Liang’s eyes.

It was Steward who suddenly stretched out his hand to cover his eyes.

“You are still recuperating. According to the health regulations, you need to avoid seeing too bloody and violent scenes.”

The AI said gently. xeyTHg

It tightly protected Su Liang, and went upstream amidst the unarmed and stern-looking Vipers.

“Will he be okay… the others, will they be all right?”

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Because of extreme nervousness, Su Liang’s voice was hoarse.

“Please rest assured, we will try our best to control the situation.” dHTNJz

Steward said.

It has brought Su Liang directly into the escape elevator.

Without any hesitation, the android smashed open the protective cover and pressed the red button for the highest emergency.

Painted in black and yellow, the extremely thick steel plates suddenly fell from all sides, blocking the originally smooth and beautiful alloy elevator wall. LtFck7

The thick ring-shaped device rotated once, making a dull metallic sound, which indicated that the entire elevator had been completely locked.

“Zizi——”

Accompanied by the slight sound of steel cables rubbing against each other, the elevator began to move straight up towards the exit of the confinement field at high speed.

It wasn’t until this time that Steward let Su Liang go, as if he was relieved. 8LIfas

“Young master Su Liang, I’m sorry to let you encounter such a bad thing.”

The AI whispered to Su Liang.

The young beta, who was still recovering from a serious illness, was obviously seriously frightened. Under the light, his face was as pale as a ghost.

“Actually, my master rarely becomes like this. Most of the time, his temper is very gentle and friendly.” JPuNS0

Steward racked his brains to speak, trying to appease the young man in front of him.

“He’s a good person, when he’s not getting out of hand.”

He said.

Then the next second, the rapid sound of metal tearing interrupted the AI’s words. 53F8El

The car of the emergency escape elevator trembled violently, then stopped suddenly.

Su Liang lost his balance and almost fell down. Steward immediately supported him.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

But at this moment, the blood-red lights went out, and the elevator suddenly fell into a disturbing darkness.

The hum of the elevator moving up was gone. 7bCRpf

The warning sound also disappeared.

There was silence all around.

“Stewardr? Are you okay?!

Su Liang stood where he was, gasping for breath. Then he groped around in the dark, trying to find the kind and reliable android. qhLkdW

However, it wasn’t Steward’s voice that responded to him.

“You… belong…”

A vague, hoarse raving.

“You belong to me.” WOUIvZ

Su Liang took a deep breath. In that moment, he even forgot how to breathe.

“Crunch—”

The sound of tearing metal.

The emergency lights were half a beat behind and came on at an inopportune time. mTNr4s

That extremely dim faint green light.

Su Liang followed the voice and slowly raised his head. Then, he saw a hole above the elevator.

A pale face expressionlessly appeared above the pitch-black gap.

There was still a lot of blood on the man who had broken free from his restraints. The drug injection tube behind him had long been broken, and at this moment, the drug solution that had lost its effect was dripping down. BcdMLC

“Si… Mr. Si?”

Su Liang could feel some kind of moist, invisible but tangible thing slowly forming in the darkness, and then winding up along his ankles and hands bit by bit.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

It was the manifestation of a frenzied SS alpha’s mental power.

The man jumped into the elevator like a carnivorous beast in hunt. ltTSW9

He raised his hand and reached towards Su Liang directly.

“Master, please don’t do this—”

Steward raised his hand, and the android began to execute the blocking procedure on the mad Snake Lord according to its previous setting.

But it didn’t even have time to finish his warning. vGxdb3

Because Lu Taipan had directly crushed the android’s extremely hard alloy skull.

The electric current crackled, and the android’s skull twisted and shattered in the man’s palm, giving out in tiny sparks.

Steward’s remaining electronic eye twirled between Lu Taipan’s fingers.

“Young master Su Liang… please… be care..ful….” 9NH6tI

The changing electronic voice sounded, then stopped abruptly.

“Steward!”

Despite knowing that it was just a temporary vessel, but seeing everything that has unfolded in front of him, Su Liang couldn’t help but scream.

Lu Taipan let go, and the android’s body fell to the ground with a bang. BWdTIb

“No…”

Su Liang covered his face, his vision blurry.

Then, the man who had cleared all obstacles, pulled the trembling boy into his embrace with great force.

Covered by the cold body, Su Liang bit his lips tightly. Because only in this way would he not scream out of fear. 04HdqE

It was still the kind of scorching gaze that seemed as if it wanted to devour him completely.

Su Liang breathed rapidly, forcing himself to raise his head. For a moment, he looked at the Snake Den’s Lord.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

“Mr Si, wake up… can you please wake up?”

Su Liang murmured, his tone even hoarser. gwciMk

“…..”

However, the manic man looked straight at Su Liang, his pupils filled with chaotic, irrational darkness.

After a brief silence, the frantic alpha suddenly lowered his head, and moved his lips towards Su Liang.

The strong scent of blood instantly enveloped Su Liang. He subconsciously closed his eyes, waiting for the oncoming pain. RQdl8o

But the tyrannical torture that he expected from the man did not come, instead….

Su Liang’s eyes suddenly felt moist and warm.

Lu Taipan was licking the tears of the boy within his arms, with the tip of his tongue, incomparably meticulous.

“You belong to me.” WNxkdF

The Snake Den’s Lord, who had a chaotic consciousness, akin to monsters, wild beasts, and said to be an uncontrollable humanoid weapon, was licking the sweet boy in his embrace, letting out a satisfied and vague sigh.





* * *



tn: i debated how to tl lu taipan claiming su liang as his. “You are mine” or “You belong to me”, in the end i chose “you belong to me” because one of the phrases he say won’t make sense if i went with “you are mine”. anyways, uncle is back in business!!

X7dG89

my favourite lines from the next chapter:

“tbh i feel that boss isnt crazy, you see he’s still wearing pants—”

“so, is the boss breaking laws right now??”

these vipers are so funny lkIiLW





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 39


The frantic alpha hugged Su Liang tightly, deep within extreme excitement. The pheromone emitting from his body was both extremely strong and domineering. When approaching him, the back of Su Liang’s neck started to feel hot, as if the alpha’s pheromones still lurking in his body were resonating silently with the man in front of him.

“Sweet…” xqLOu

Hearing the whispers overflowing from the man’s throat, Su Liang felt as if strange waves were rippling in his body.

He struggled weakly, but instead of breaking free, he was lightly bitten on the earlobe.



Chrysanthemum Garden.

“Wu–”

Su Liang gasped. dYNc0y

The situation seemed to be worse than last time, he thought. Although Mr Si was also caught up in his mental frenzy last time, the man inside Mahoraga back then did not look like the man holding him now. This man holding him now was… a beast.



Su Liang simply did not know how to describe the current Mr Si.

Feeling the wet tip of the alpha’s hot tongue spreading all the way to his neck, Su Liang’s limbs softened.

Su Liang had felt extremely frightened by the crazy man in the mecha back then, but he was truly helpless against Mr Si now.

I8SfWA

The superficial consciousness was completely extinguished by the electric currents and the drugs, leaving behind only the most fundamental primitive instinct – the current Lu Taipan was more akin to a dangerous and bloodthirsty large beast; he has become very “animalistic”. This was the conclusion Su Liang came to after being intimately rubbed and licked by Lu Taipan for a long time.

Su Liang was unable to make any effective resistance.

He was pinned in the corner of the elevator. The man desperately sniffed the bite marks on the back of his neck, as if confirming the marks he had left on the boy’s body days before.



The tips of the marking teeth scraped several red marks on Su Liang’s shoulder, the pheromone liquids secreting from it making Su Liang feel that his entire neck and shoulder become drenched. Su Liang was gnawed on by Lu Taipan until he was almost out of breath. He couldn’t use any strength in his entire body. Even the strange and bizarre soreness deep in his body became very vivid. For a moment, Su Liang felt that long-term pain was worse than short-term pain – it was better to let Lu Taipan bite himself. g109XJ

Then, just as he was thinking this way, he suddenly felt the body of the alpha lying on him tense up.

Under the green emergency lights, the Snake Lord’s dark pupils were now reminiscent of a wild animal’s, with two hints of faint light. The man grabbed Su Liang and firmly held the boy in his arms. Then, he raised his hand and tore open the thick door in half, just like tearing apart a sheet of paper. In the next moment, he hugged Su Liang and walked towards the corridor outside the elevator step by step.

There should have been emergency lights outside the corridor, but for some reason, those lights are now off.

Under extremely dim conditions, Su Liang couldn’t see anything. There was silence all around. SgaYQP

With Su Liang’s physical fitness, it is impossible for him to detect any traces belonging to the Viper squad or other people. However, he can feel Lu Taipan’s movements.However, he could feel Lu Taipan’s movements. For example, at this moment, Su Liang noticed that Lu Taipan turned his head slightly, and then he raised his hand in a certain direction.

Bang bang—-

Su Liang’s heartbeat suddenly became faster.

The young beta did not know what the crazy Snake Lord was planning to do, but his instinct told him that something extremely bad was about to happen. TreiHQ

“Don’t!”

Subconsciously, Su Liang suddenly hugged the man tightly and shouted.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Su Liang did not expect that this completely unconscious action stopped Lu Taipan’s movements instantly.

“Do…. not….?” dwWJ62

The man repeated Su Liang’s words hoarsely. Oviously he couldn’t see anything, but Su Liang felt that the man’s extremely handsome face should be full of confusion at this moment.

“Do not do this.”

Su Liang murmured, although even he himself didn’t know what he wanted to stop Lu Taipan from doing.

In the silence, Su Liang felt something extremely thick and cold passing by his ankles. It was the snake of spiritual power that slithered back from the other side of the darkness. qUPC10

“Thank you.”

Su Liang said hesitantly.





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Ktf gfrqbcrf tf uba kjr Oe Kjlqjc ylalcu tlw ilutais bc atf rtbeivfg – atf ogfchlfv jiqtj vlv cba rffw ab atlcx atja remt j uibbws jcv vjgx ecvfgugbecv jgfj kjr atf qijmf ab mbcrewwjaf “atja”, rb tf mbeiv bcis gfilfnf tlr ecyfjgjyif vfrlgf atlr kjs.

Ktf wfcaji qbkfg jcv qtfgbwbcf ilcufglcu jgbecv Ve Oljcu rffwfv ab tjnf rboafcfv rilutais. u6tcMI

…. As if he was in a good mood.

A strange thought popped into Su Liang’s mind, one that refused to leave.

The young beta’s breathing began to become a little short.

Su liang felt that he must be crazy. The aura on Lu Taipan’s body was actually still very terrifying. Even a beta like him could feel the rage and bloodlust contained in the opponent’s mental power. 9TyUZa

But what had recently happened made Su Liang sense the strong and gentle man’s aura, separate from Lu Taipan’s mania.

However, it was obvious that under the current circumstances, it was impossible for him to communicate with the Snake Lord using the common language or by any other means.

Su liang tentatively moved his body closer to Lu Taipan. He swallowed a mouthful of saliva, suppressed his confusion, and blushed, stretching out his hand to hook the man’s neck.

“Let’s get out of here, okay? I don’t want to stay here…” v8bro4

Su Liang softened his voice.

Su Liang had actually used this trick in Mahoraga. But at that moment, when Su Liang saw that Lu Taipan relaxed his vigilance because of his gentle words, he…

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

Su Liang closed his eyes, trying not to recall that scene.

Does the current Mr Si remember the happenings of that time? If he does, he might have his neck wrung out soon. Su Liang couldn’t help thinking this way. PKJkDx

In the darkness, the Snake Lord with a chaotic consciousness stared fixedly at the frightened young man in his arms. After a short pause of a few seconds, Lu Taipan leaned down, with a slight trace of irritation, gently kissing Su Liang’s lips. He took a bite, leaving a shallow tooth mark.

“Hurts–”

Su Liang flinched.

His body lightened immediately. It was Lu Taipan who led him to start walking in another direction. 9OhXdK

It wasn’t until he walked far away that Su Liang heard the soft sound of some guns falling to the ground where he had stayed before.

Su Liang didn’t know how Lu Taipan did it. In such a chaotic situation, the man easily tore through countless confinement measures and traps, and then found the correct path in the intricate corridors and elevators.

He didn’t know where the man was going to take him. The only thing he could do was to relax his body and try to get as close as possible to the man, even tighter.

kVPEc7

And then, when he felt that there was a Viper or someone else approaching, he would wrap his arms tight around the alpha’s neck at the right time, and then clumsily reused his old trick to beg the man to let those people be.

He didn’t know whether those people were the Vipers he knew or just ordinary Snake Den personnel, but he knew very well that if Lu Taipan was allowed to move, those people hiding in the dark would definitely suffer heavy casualties.

And his Mr Si, after waking up, will definitely regret it…

“Don’t do this…” EzD1vt

“Mr Si, hold me, don’t let me go.”



“Let’s go around them, okay? I hate the sound of guns, fighting is so noisy, I’m scared.”

“I just want you to hold me, I don’t want you to fight with others…” 8TEtQ

“Mr Si, you are so kind.”

It was as if he had learnt some strange method without being taught by anyone. He who had felt a splitting headache even if he just thought about those kinds of coquettish people, could now blurt out those kind of words without any hesitation in the dark corridor.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

Su Liang actually didn’t think that the frenzied man could really understand what he said. If that was the case, the man should have returned to normal a long time ago.

But every time when he blushed and shamelessly pleaded to the man, the other party would lower his head in a daze, and either give him a kiss or a light nip on his face and shoulders. Then, he would act as he wished and turn around and walk in the direction where no one was. bphxgT



After going through a series of chaotically tearing the iron gates with his hands and dismantling the defensive devices with his mental power, Su Liang woodenly let Lu Taipan lead him directly break through the final blockade of the confinement field.

Technically speaking, the half-naked man pushed open the last alloy iron door and then walked outside.

Su Liang curled up in Lu Taipan’s arms, his vision blurred by the sudden sunlight on his eyelids. He finally felt the fresh air once again, the fragrance of grass and trees, and also the soft breeze… cyFzxW

But this didn’t make him feel relieved, on the contrary, he became more and more nervous, because he didn’t know what was waiting for him next.



And he quickly got the answer.

iY7o9P

Waiting for them were countless Viper squads dressed in exoskeleton armor, with a cold aura, and a complete defensive line.

The bright sunlight poured down from the sky, illuminating the pitch-black muzzles of the guns, the blue halo of the plasma cannon being charged, the iron shields, and the mechas in a combat-ready state.

Lu Taipan appeared behind the iron gate that crashed to the ground, and all the weapons were aimed directly at the pale and fierce man.

There was silence all around. qd2 hM

The air was so heavy that it seemed to overwhelm everyone.

Under the pressure of the surging and fierce mental power, everyone who should have fired immediately froze in place.

Lu Taipan glanced expressionlessly at the Vipers and those weapons in front of him. There was still only a chaotic storm in his eyes. The spiritual power that could easily destroy everything present was like an invisible snake, swaying in the air.

[Eliminate the existence that hinders…] 5 EHQB

The tyrannical thoughts slipped through his chaotic consciousness.



Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

But before he could do it instinctively, another vague consciousness stopped him from moving.

[“I don’t like you doing this.”] dNvFj6

That kind of coquettish and soft voice, as if a sweet juice could be sucked out of his mouth, kept replaying in Lu Taipan’s mind.

All the way from the dark underground, the youth’s countless entreaties and obstructions have already implanted a certain consciousness into his rampant spiritual sea.

——Don’t do anything to these people.

Otherwise, “he” will be unhappy. DJoa0s



* * *



Lu Taipan lowered his eyes and fixed his gaze on the face of the extremely disturbed young man in his arms.

The strong desire has stretched the alpha’s body to the extreme.

Then, he raised his head and looked towards the sky.

A few minutes later, a ferocious pure black mecha descended from the sky, and appeared at the gate of the confinement field like a demon god. m1F3rO



“This can’t be—”

“What the fuck’s going on–”

“Is this Mahoraga? Did Steward hack into its system to help?” 5rnjLH

“Impossible, how could that mentally handicapped AI hack Mahoraga? That’s the boss’s mecha!”

“Then how do you explain it? Didn’t the boss’s mental power completely collapse? How did Mahoraga get here? The mental requirements required by this thing is even three times higher than mine!”



“So, is the boss actually crazy? Please tell me, bro, my legs are weak now.” 37vw5J

“If boss isn’t crazy, do we still treat him like this…”



Chrysanthemum Garden.

“Let me see, I feel that boss isn’t crazy, you see he’s still wearing pants–”

The Viper’s communication channels exploded in an instant because of the black mecha’s appearance. PWOsSL

The Viper Tails and the Snake Den’s exclusive defense team, whose nerves were so tense that they were about to fray, became rigid when they saw Mahoraga suddenly appearing in front of them.

The more powerful the mecha, the higher its mental strength requirement.

According to common sense, if Lu Taipan had really fallen into a frenzied state, it would be impossible for him to remotely summon Mahoraga. After all, this kind of summoning requires the extreme concentration of the driver’s spirit and pure will.

Pt0nAQ

How can a person who has completely fallen into madness do this?!

However, that mental power that was still heavily suppressing them was so violent and terrifying, showcasing the incomparable madness of an elite alpha to everyone present.

What exactly is going on?

And at this moment, Mahoraga’s hatch suddenly opened. aUYWt6

The Vipers, who were still in extreme shock and confusion just watched their half-naked leader carefully hug the frightened slender boy in his arms, and then took him into the mecha’s interior.

There was a soft and smooth sound of metal rubbing against one another.

Mahoraga’s door hatch quickly closed.



* * *



A gust of wind blew through, rustling the dense bushes. by5SkO

The air was thick with tension.

The tyrannical, invading, and crazy mental power was finally withdrawn, but all of the Vipers still maintained absolute silence.

Behind the combat masks, the soldiers had extremely complicated expressions.

After a while, someone asked weakly in the communication channel. KUYQwT

“Are we going to besiege Mahoraga now? I seem to remember that the beta seems to not yet have undergone his differentiation, but then again, he is an adult…. Is the boss breaking the law now?”



* * *



tn: i really like the vipers, they should become comedians when they retire

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 40


Once again, he was brought into Mahoraga’s interior by Lu Taipan. It would be a lie to say that Su Liang didn’t feel scared and nervous.

It seemed that it hadn’t been too long since he escaped from this place last time, and everything in Mahoraga had not changed. The owner of the pitch-black mecha lost control here, was subdued and was taken away. Soon after, the door of the mecha was tightly closed. No one dared to clean up the mecha’s cockpit. After all, even if Lu Taipan was not around, the remnants of his rampage was still terrifying. N4SeM2

And when Su Liang was forcibly pressed on the cold and hard cabin deck, he was in a trance.

“Smells good…”



Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

It was the man’s extremely hoarse murmur.

“Hiss–” to5QLa

He let out a small mournful cry when his already messy clothes were forcibly torn apart.



“Chu…”

It was the sound of wet sucking and licking.

“Mr Si, don’t….”

9ERo 3

He couldn’t control the whimper that rolled out from the depths of his throat.

Everything that was happening to him at this moment overlapped with the scene from that day; it was still the crazy and terrifying manic alpha covering him, it was still the same dark and enclosed cockpit, the hot kisses, the indiscriminate caresses, and the pheromone liquid that kept wetting his skin, and even the vaguely faint scent of flowers in the air was the same.

“Wait, wait a minute, don’t–”



In the small cockpit came the boy’s weeping voice of refusal. yWneYa

At the very beginning when the alpha had started, Su Liang was actually not that nervous. He repeated his tricks and embraced the rampant Snake Lord, softly begging him. But this time, Su Liang was horrified to find out that his clumsy little trick suddenly lost its effect – the man not only refused to listen to him, but intensified his actions and became more presumptuously excessive all of a sudden,

Su Liang was completely unprepared to deal with all this.

The temperature in the cockpit was rising.

The air became sticky and humid, the sweet and greasy aroma so rich that it seemed to tightly cover the two people in the cabin like jelly. DK72mv

Su Liang bit his lips tightly, restraining himself from making too many strange noises. His cheeks were wet; it was hard to tell if it were his tears, sweat, or the pheromone liquid that the alpha deliberately left on his body.

The slender beta was trembling violently.

If he were to say it, he would probably be ridiculed, but before this point, Su Liang’s originally extremely tense mood had actually relaxed by a lot because of the ‘subtle’ docility shown by Lu Taipan.

It wasn’t until this moment that he felt a strong sense of crisis again. hfoK3U

Before, he could still pretend to be calm and pretend to be sweet and soft. But soon, he no longer had the energy to act, and Su Liang’s crying became extremely pitiful and panic-stricken.

There was another bite mark on the back of the young beta’s neck.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

The newly injected alpha pheromones were as hot as magma, making Su Liang weak all over.

Perhaps because this was the second time, but the stimulation this time seemed to be less severe than the last. At least Su Liang did not faint like last time. pt36a8

It can even be said that after receiving the pheromone this time, the slight discomfort that even Su Liang himself hadn’t noticed disappeared slowly in the heat flow.

To simplify it with a metaphor, it was like a flower branch that hasn’t been able to get enough water. It finally soaked in the cool spring water, and the originally drooping and soft leaves were now full of water, stretching out bit by bit…

But this might not be a good thing, especially for Su Liang at this moment.

After releasing the pheromone, the alpha’s situation did not calm down as Su Liang expected, and… CxwI85

And the worst scenario is about to come.

Feeling the rude movements of the man behind him, Su Liang’s throat overflowed with his fragmented and weeping resistance.

“Mr Si… please…. Please wake up…. I really don’t want to be like this…..”





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


By this time, his voice was already very hoarse, it could even be said to be ugly. a7 tse

Dea atf wjc ktb kjr ecwbnfv ys tlr rkffacfrr jcv mbdefaalrtcfrr yfobgf, ribkis rabqqfv tlr gfjvs-ab-ub wbnfwfcar.

Coafg gfjilhlcu atlr, Ve Oljcu rclooifv jcv werafgfv eq atf mbegjuf ab aegc jgbecv jcv ibbx lc Oe Kjlqjc’r vlgfmalbc.

Lf wfa atf wjc’r fsfr, atbrf vjgx, mtjbalm, jcv ufcaif fsfr.

Oe Kjlqjc rajgfv yijcxis ja atf sbecu wjc ecvfg tlw. B9KIdQ

He was almost in his mouth, and it would only take a little force to break the delicate peel and suck the sweet fruit to his heart’s content.

The aroma is overflowing, and he can almost taste the luscious and thick juice and the tender and sweet flesh.

But he still stopped all his actions.

“Mr Si, are you awake?” TzEsXZ

Su Liang looked at Lu Taipan tremblingly, and a tiny bit of hope suddenly appeared in his despairing heart.

At this moment, the alpha stretched out his arms suddenly, and hugged Su Liang tightly.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“Mine……”

The Lord of the Snake Den kept repeating his broken ravings. YFshUD

Lu Taipan was not fully awake.

The part of his body that surged due to an alpha’s primitive still remained as before, and the instinct of a male beast was still raring in his blood.

Want to mark.

Want to make his favorite object completely his. n8pdcG

Want to completely fill the boy with his alpha pheromones, both inside and out.

However, amidst the desire to do so, that was so strong that it was about to melt his brain, another extremely calm and restrained voice was constantly warning him – absolutely not to do this.

The boy in his arms is not yet fully mature, as evidenced by the youthful and subtle pheromones.

Forcibly ingesting flower buds that have not yet fully bloomed will only cause the flowers to wither early. HV STN

Moreover, his mate is crying.

Just like last time.

He was the one who dyed the other party’s pheromone with bitterness.

Resistance, sadness, fear… NB4TZq

It was a very subtle pheromone undertone, but Lu Taipan still didn’t like it very much.



His body was still restless, like a volcano about to erupt, like hot magma rampaging in the mantle, so high that it could gush out at any time.

But not… HCbU6m

At least not now.

His weak willpower as thin as thin ice was vainly shrouded between consciousness and instinct.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

In a daze, the man could only keep rubbing the back of Su Liang’s neck with his lips.

fld bv

It was like a big dog that was about to salivate, but didn’t dare to open its mouth without the owner’s consent.

The Lord of the Snake Den was also in a panic at this time.

He kept sucking the bite mark on the back of Su Liang’s neck, as if he could squeeze out a little more sweetness by doing so.

Su Liang’s breathing was rapid. RWwn49

At the beginning, he was so nervous that he couldn’t move. He thought that the nightmare would recur, but he soon realized the painful struggle of the man behind him.

It was a tragic struggle between extreme excitement and strong restraint.

“…Mr. Si?”

AKgUfR

Su Liang whispered.

Lu Taipan’s situation is very bad, and Su Liang can easily detect this.

The man’s unusually handsome face was already a little distorted at this moment. He hugged Su Liang very tightly, as if he was about to crush Su Liang’s ribs.

But he didn’t make any more moves. nM6Amf

The atmosphere of chaos and rationality overlapped on the man. Lu Taipan’s eyes had already turned crimson, but his face gradually began to pale.

“You are mine…no…I can’t…”

“No…don’t cry…I…”

Ud3ryH

Accompanied by his whispers, devoid of logic, the alpha’s mental power began to rampage in the cabin, becoming extremely dangerous.

In the end, Lu Taipan suddenly raised his hand and attacked himself again. It was as if he wanted to do what he had done before and wound himself fatally to help him wake up from the chaos.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“Mr Si, don’t—”

Out of a certain instinct, Su Liang subconsciously hugged Lu Taipan. DSNW9w

No matter what may happen, he didn’t want to see the tragic scene of Lu Taipan hurting himself severely in order to maintain his clarity.

And at this moment, Su Liang could clearly feel that the tyrannical and frenzied mental power seemed to be at peace.

Was it an accident?

Or was it because of his hug? c51ZSe

Su Liang did not have time to think about it. Lu Taipan’s situation was so dire that the only thing he could do was to act on his instincts: once he noticed that Lu Taipan’s mental power was starting to go wild, he hugged him tightly, calling out his name.

After experimenting a few times, Su Liang discovered that… it seemed to be really effective.

Moreover, other words were more useful than the simple ‘Mr Si’….

At first, he leaned into the man’s ear just to calm his emotions, stammering a few words in a whisper. efTYVA

And in the end, Su Liang couldn’t care less about being ashamed anymore, so he could only blush and speak more and more in embarrassment.



Those words were enough for Su Liang to find a hole in the ground and bury himself until his next life to poke his head out. Su Liang didn’t even know why he could say such words out of his mouth.

…But it happens to be very useful. 4wgPrT

Lu Taipan’s mental strength became calm little by little.

And the frenzied aura lingering on him also began to settle little by little.

The chaotic storm in the man’s dark eyes gradually calmed down, revealing the traces of reason that the Snake Den’s Lord should have.



* * *



By the time Steward changed into the body of the emergency military robot and rushed to the entrance of the prison, the extremely violent mental power lingering around Mahoraga had already curled up. ENOw5U

Of course, the pheromones from the elite alpha are still so domineering, and the mental power was still full of a strong sense of oppression…



Chrysanthemum Garden.

But almost everyone can feel that the spiritual power overflowing from the boss was not the same as the one he emitted when he was rampant.

This involuntarily reassured everyone. 6dkS9e

But on the other hand, as time went by, everyone’s hearts were becoming more and more anxious.

The stronger the sense of satiety permeating the alpha’s mental power, the more subtle the expressions of the Snake Den’s personnel under the combat masks became.

Especially since it took a really long time…

It was so long that these cold-hearted Vipers who had fought on the battlefield felt a little uneasy about their consciences. KYxpyc



The Viper Squads, who had put aside their weapons, waited dutifully for a long time outside the Snake Lord’s natal mecha.

It was very long.

In the end, Steward gritted its teeth and made the decision. ikgEey

“No!”

The AI stood up in a dismal tone, and walked towards Mahoraga with a shuffling footstep.

“Waiting on the sidelines violates my basic code of conduct for AI. Young master Su Liang is just an ordinary human being, and he has no way to withstand such a long period of intense behavior! The master is endangering the life and safety of an ordinary earth Alliance member. This is illegal action–”

vBF5Zi

Under the extremely awe-inspired eyes of the Vipers, the AI bit the bullet and stepped in front of Mahoraga.

It looked at its new body with regret, and was ready to lose it after having it for a short time.

Just as he was about to forcibly open the mecha from the outside, the pitch-black hatch suddenly vibrated.

The extremely strong and domineering alpha pheromones overflowed suddenly. Zi0Vbz

A tall man with slightly chaotic breathing appeared at the cabin door.



Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com



Holding the young man who had fallen asleep in his arms due to tiredness tightly in his arms, he walked out of Mahoraga with a complex expression. z5Pwr

He didn’t pay attention to those innocent Vipers running around because of his pheromones. But with a little clumsy caution, he covered Su Liang’s figure tightly.

“Send him to the medical center and check his body. I may have hurt him…”

The man’s voice was hoarse, and there was a trace of embarrassment and bewilderment in his tone.

qN4rag



* * *



tn: the end of uncle’s rampage! they didn’t do the do, uncle loves su liang bb too much to force him. su liang bb learnt some new skills on how to coax uncle too! next chapter: uncle gets jealous of steward(!!





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 41


[It was a sweet and juicy fruit,

He thought. 4DzfoM

He embraced the young man; the boiling magma and poisonous fire on his body slowly melting away in those intense consolations.

He eagerly sucked the luscious, sweet juice from said fruit, and became excited due to the other party’s whimpers and pants.



Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

The flashing warnings in his mind prevented Lu Taipan from taking the final step. Despite that, the avaricious instinct hidden within the alpha’s nature still made him swallow, suck, caress and rub… he has done everything in his will to leave a strong scent on his beloved little mate. It was a wonderful feeling, as if a scorching meteorite had fallen into a plump and juicy cloud.

He felt happiness, the most extreme ecstasy.] HuK8dv

A few days later –



Deep within the Snake Den, there was a private medical center exclusively used for the Snake Lord.

Lu Taipan stood quietly outside the ward, staring at the two people in the ward through the glass window.

Steward had been by Su Liang’s side all along.

TMg7N1

And Su Liang just woke up recently…

A few days have passed since the rampage that day, but Su Liang’s face still doesn’t look too healthy.

The reason for this was very simple: Even though Su Liang did not realize it, when he was enduring the shame and kept saying those words, he was actually unconsciously releasing his mental power. His exclusive spiritual power calmed Lu Taipan’s completely raging and rampaging mental sea, and also eased the man’s extremely disordered pheromones. As a result, while Lu Taipan did return to normal, the ignorant Su Liang had completely overdrawn his mental strength and fell into a coma.



In the next few days, Su Liang was suffering from extreme fatigue and lethargy. Furthermore, the side effects caused by the excessive consumption of mental power are difficult to treat using external treatment. Fortunately, the thing that the Snake Den lacks the least was the facilities and means to regulate mental power. After a few days, Su Liang has regained his mental strength and has fully recovered his consciousness. 2M0wRA

After receiving the news, Lu taipan who had been dealing with official business immediately rushed over.

….Then, he stopped outside the door and observed for a long time through the one-way window.

“Snake Lord, sir?”

The accompanying medical staff looked hesitantly at the man staying outside the hospital ward, feeling uneasy. FJjBlE

“Young master Su Liang has fully recovered. We have previously reported that young master Su Liang’s spiritual power is very rare, and he can display a very significant conditioning effect on your spiritual sea. You don’t have to worry about him aggravating you–”

“I know.”

Lu Taipan interrupted the medical staff’s explanation with a deep voice.

His gaze still stayed on the pale face of the young man inside the ward. 6QZCvX

“He won’t aggravate me…” A slight tenderness flashed in the man’s eyes.

On the contrary, he only made me feel everlasting peace.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

And extremely ravenous.

While speaking, Lu Taipan raised his hand and adjusted the newly added mental power suppression device on his wrist to the maximum level. After that day, Lu Taipan’s mental strength could be said to have ‘roughly’ returned to normal, but there will be cases where he would relapse. Hence, he still needs special equipment to stabilize his mental value. dKrBj1

What Lu Taipan was worried about was that his overflowing mental value would stimulate the teenager in the ward once more.

In his field of vision, he could see that Su Liang’s eyes were still slightly bruised. With his extraordinarily thin figure, he looked very worrying.

Moreover, Lu Taipan could tell that Su Liang didn’t think what the AI said was interesting, but no matter how tired his expression was, the boy would still smile, agree, and answer the other party’s questions very cooperatively.

Even in the presence of an AI, the boy was still as considerate and careful as ever. Rpha7M

This was the kind of docile character that only those who had been raised carefully would have. As long as others forced him a little, he will…

He will also become docile when swallowed by others.

Even his resistance seemed pitiful, not knowing that that kind of resistance will only make people more tyrannical.

Some chaotic images flashed through his mind. Outside the window, the cold and calm Snake Lord suddenly frowned, his aura darkening, which caused the accompanying medical staff to start preparing themselves as if they were facing a formidable enemy. 0ONjH9

But if he were to be seen by outsiders, they would agree that Su Liang wasn’t in a ‘serious condition’.

After all, apart from the complete exhaustion of mental strength, Su Liang didn’t have any serious injuries at all.

Well, technically, those dense red marks, bruises and hickeys on his body can probably be regarded as a form of trauma.

But that was it. dhyUai

In fact, after Su Liang’s physical examination that day, everyone in the Snake Den, who was in an unusually dour mood, was filled with relief…. And shock.





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Cwbcu atfw, Wef Tlctejc fnfc mjwf ab lcdelgf jybea Oe Kjlqjc’r tfjiat qgbyifwr klat j qjclmxfv ojmf vef ab tlr wjcs mbiifjuefr’ fcmbegjufwfca. Yo mbegrf, meglbrlas xliifv atf Nlqfg, jcv tf tjv ab qjs j nfgs agjulm qglmf atja cffv cba yf wfcalbcfv tfgf.

Mbg wbgf atjc afc wlceafr, atf Vcjxf Gfc’r Obgv kjr kjlalcu bearlvf atf kjgv. Ktf wfcaji gfragjlca vfnlmf bc tlr kglra kjr olvvifv mbecaifrr alwfr, jcv tlr wfcaji rajylilas njief kjr fzagfwfis qfgofma, yea tf ralii mbeivc’a ajxf j rafq obgkjgv. Fcali tf revvfcis rjk atf rmfcf lc atf gbbw – Oe Kjlqjc’r qeqlir rtgjcx rilutais, tlr ojmf rlcxlcu. Lf bqfcfv atf vbbg, jcv kjixfv lcab atf kjgv.

The accompanying medical staff wanted to follow after him subconsciously, but when they tried to open the door again, it seems that they’ve been directly locked out by the Snake Lord? Z7 Ba3

“Master?!”

When Lu Taipan went inside the room, it wasn’t exactly gentle. It was not a small movement, which made the two people in the room immediately notice his arrival.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Steward’s electronic eyes lit up, and he immediately greeted his human master happily.

“……..” 3MDJGo

At this moment, Su Liang seemed a little stiff. He stared blankly at Lu Taipan, and his lips started to move. Judging from the shape of his mouth, he should have called ‘Mr Si’ very softly.

But then, he changed his words, and what Lu Taipan heard was a more respectful and cautious ‘Lord Patriarch’.

Lu Taipan’s eyebrows twitched slightly, his expression cold.

Perhaps only Steward, who was very familiar with him, can observe that after hearing Su Liang’s words, Lu Taipan’s face seemed to be a little gloomy. N 2oJp

“….You’re awake, that’s good.”

After a while, Lu Taipan responded dryly to Su Liang. Compared with the unusually cold aura on his body, his tone was unexpectedly peaceful, and could even be called gentle.

Before Su Liang could think of a response to Lu Taipan’s words, Steward’s incomparably cheerful voice suddenly interjected into the strange atmosphere between them.

“Young master Su Liang, don’t be so nervous! You calmed down my master’s mental rampage before, and my master is very grateful to you. Before, his body was covered with wounds all over, but he would rather stick to the healing device and stay next to your healing cabin so he can monitor your physical condition in real time. You know, no matter what you want to do to him, he will definitely agree, so you should seize this opportunity—” After he finished his words, Steward quickly turned his head to look at Lu Taipan. “Speaking of which, master, you arrived as soon as you heard that young master Su Liang had woken up. Yet, you stayed outside the ward, what happened?” UgxK2A

Su Liang:…..

Lu Taipan:…..

The Snake Den’s Lord froze for a moment, but soon returned to normal.

He ignored the AI’s inquiry, and paused for a moment, gazing at Steward coldly. When he spoke again, the man’s voice deepened slightly. UybYZ

“What’s going on with the body you’re using now?”

Lu Taipan asked coldly.

“Ah, this is the recreational android body that I specially ordered from outsiders!”

As soon as Lu Taipan asked about his current body, Steward instantly became excited. Mt vA0



“This is the most popular model on the market right now, and it’s super hard to grab. If it weren;t for me being an AI, I might not be able to snap up this one at all! Look at this, it’s so good, although it’s similar to toys in terms of its resistance to strikes, look at how perfect the details are. This android’s texture really defeats the pile of hard military goods in our Snake Den, the areas that should be soft are soft, places that should be hard is hard, same goes for its size, and it’s also warm and can really heat up….”

Chrysanthemum Garden.

Steward stood up from the bed as he spoke. He opened his arms and circled in front of his master.

As a dedicated entertainment android, this body perfectly caters to the preferences of vulgar humans in every aspect. PGySsZ

What was particularly conspicuous among them was the extremely well-developed muscles on the male adult body. The wheat colored skin was specially coated with lubricating oil, making every muscle shine, especially the chest…

In the outside world, the most important reason why this series of android shells were so popular was that its coat is a bit similar to the combat uniform of the Viper Squad. However, in some details, it also satisfies the needs of some people’s special hobbies: For example, the chest that is particularly exposed, the extremely strong abdominal muscles, the waistband that is almost pulled down to the mermaid line, and the black leather straps with metal rivets crossed tightly on the chest muscles and abdominal muscles.

Those leather straps made the already exaggerated chest muscles even more spectacular, and just now, Stewardr was eagerly grabbing Su Liang’s hand, desperately encouraging the simple, poor and weak beta to caress those immoral chest muscles.

“You seem to be very free?” OyA9xB



The man completely ignored Steward’s detailed introduction to its special body, and asked indifferently.

Steward blinked.

“Of course, I’m very idle.” The AI pointed at itself innocently. “I’m just a sub-body system specially created to accompany young master Su Liang, and there’s nothing to do…” ds1 qI

While talking, the AI, who was ecstatic at having a new body, realized something bad after a while. Its voice gradually became quieter.



It stared pitifully at the human in front of it, with a humble tone.

“How about I go find something for myself to do?” I6q8Xk

It said.

Steward didn’t want to lose the android that it finally bought back with his pocket money.

Although Steward can be considered as considerate, but as soon as he finished speaking, Su Liang’s expression on the hospital bed suddenly became stiff.

On the surface, he could maintain his composure. But Su Liang knew very well that he was not ready to be alone with Lu Taipan. eIwh5Z

Lu Taipan lowered his eyes and did not look at Su Liang.

However, in the next moment, the other two people in the room clearly heard his order in a faint tone. “Since your role is to accompany, then perform your duties. Stay here…. And shut up.”

Chrysanthemum Garden.

“Okay.”

Steward obediently shrank to the corner furthest from Su Liang’s bed. u ThOQ

But even so, Su Liang subconsciously breathed a sigh of relief as the lively and friendly AI that can sing and dance was still in the room.

As a result, before he could even finish his breath, he saw the tall man with a stern expression take a step forward, and sat directly on the seat where Steward was previously enchantingly leaning on.

Lu Taipan inadvertently took off his extremely thick and crisp black military windbreaker, revealing his extremely tight and strong body outlined by the pitch-black combat uniform.

He was still very close to Su Liang. RqIe6X

There was no shimmering, tanned muscles.

There was no black strap that had an ambiguous meaning.

It was just an ordinary combat uniform that was tightly wrapped, even around the neck.

But Su Liang’s gaze had only landed on Lu Taipan’s body for a while, and he felt that his face flushing for no reason. nZ6eQL

The back of his neck seemed to be getting warm again.

He was so flustered that he didn’t even know where to look.



Wait a minute, he shouldn’t be losing his composure like this. bx8mLC

Su Liang regained his senses.

He took a deep breath and spoke to himself.

He had to admit that Lu Taipan’s appearance reminded him of many things that he shouldn’t be remembering.

But those events that happened in the small cockpit should stay in the past. QG3AUX

From some perspective, he and Mr Si did have an unusually intimate act, but it was a helpless, emergency situation.

Lu Taipan has been plagued by his pheromone disorder for many years. At that time, the Snake Lord was insane and dangerous, and his own mental power just so happened to relieve the other party’s rampage–

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

Those kisses, those strokes, and the unavoidable pheromone releases, can be treated as artificial respiration.

After learning from Steward that his mental strength could appease Lu Taipan, Su Liang immediately understood the man’s behaviour at that time, as well as his various abnormalities before that. 3SjrOH

It was just… the physical expression of his mental power.

Su Liang warned himself from the bottom of his heart.

After experiencing the tragedy of his previous life, Su Liang knew better than anyone else, that for these high-level alphas and their families, betas like himself can be friends, subordinates, and tools…

But it was best to stay like this, and to absolutely not go any further. dJObs5

Of course, Su Liang didn’t think that Mr Si would have any feelings for him, like Lu Zhizhao. After all, this person was not an ordinary man. He is the Snake Den’s Master, the hero of the entire Earth Alliance, and the patriarch of the Lu Family.

That man is Lu Taipan.

But also because of this, he had to clarify his position from the very beginning.

Su Liang did not want to embarrass Lu Taipan. xZfjmQ



With such feelings, Su Liang didn’t want himself to seem too coy. After all, the more awkward and shy he was, the more embarrassing his situation would be.

It was a pity that in front of Mr Si, Su Liang’s body was still as honest as ever.

The young man’s cheeks were slightly red, his heart was beating like a bird caught in a trap, and his ribs were the narrow cage. 7Y3Uty

He didn’t notice that when the man in front of him looked at him, his eyes were deep.

After a brief silence, Su Liang heard Lu Taipan’s question.

“How do you feel?”

The man’s tone was very calm. 8tfT1G

Su Liang calmed down, and then, plucking up his courage, he looked directly at Lu Taipan and showed a hearty smile that a young man should have. “It’s much better, I was a little dizzy before, but today I’m completely awake. The medical officer came once before, and he also said that as long as I rest for a few days, I should be able to fully recover. Thank you for your concern… Lord Patriarch.”

It shouldn’t be a problem to say that…

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

In short, everything should be normal and natural.

Su Liang kept cheering himself up from the bottom of his heart. dx2lna

“…Does the back of your neck still hurt?”



After doing so much psychological construction, Su Liang never thought that Lu Taipan would ask such a question directly.

The back of the neck… s7rfI9

Bitten by a powerful alpha.

Being infused with pheromones that seemed to overflow at any time.

Weeping and resisting, but in the end, he could only bite his arm and grunt to endure the forceful release.

Scenes of what happened in the past flashed through his mind, and there was another subtle throbbing in the depths of the information glands that should have been unresponsive. n1PWB8

No matter how restrained he was now, Su Liang’s face still became redder and redder uncontrollably.

“It, it’s okay.”

When responding to this sentence, Su Liang stammered in disappointment.

He suspected that it was probably because of his twitchy attitude that caused unnecessary worries—the alpha with a cold and powerful aura suddenly leaned over and approached him. XTO1vm

“Sorry, I want to confirm, is that okay?”

Although it was an inquiry, the man raised his hand at the same time as the voice fell.



Slender fingers. OY1lez

Rough calluses.

Cold fingertips.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

Lu Taipan lightly touched the back of Su Liang’s neck with his fingertips, and then retreated.

“It’s healed.” hbp1Dq

The man’s voice was slightly hoarse, whispering in Su Liang’s ear.

And then…

“I am extremely sorry for what I did before.”

Su Liang heard Lu Taipan’s unusually solemn voice. hWeryS

“I will take responsibility for everything that happened to you and will make due compensation.”



* * *



tn: !!!!

alas, su liang bb wont accept it…. this is first ko-fi chapter for today!

next chapter: so, is su liang really a beta? 7VckGx





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 42


“Responsibility? Compensation?”

Lu Taipan saw the young man in front of him freeze suddenly. His almond eyes widened, looking dazed. bqyih

The head of the Lu family rubbed his fingertips subconsciously.

….want to poke.



Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“The three manors in the center of the Central District, and resort 978 in District 2 will belong to you. In addition, you will have complete control of the Secret Garden within the Snake Den. Your authority level will be readjusted to SS, the advanced mecha training ground will be open to you, and you will no longer be restricted by the confidentiality treaty. After that, you can freely enter and exit the Snake Den, as well as communicate with the outside world. If you want, you can also let your sister, Su Nuan, and her family enter the Snake Den…”

Lu Taipan spoke softly to Su Liang. He did not tell the boy that compared to the seemingly appalling property gifts, the Snake Den’s authority was the most coveted “wealth”. It was an absolute right that was enough to drive those outsiders completely crazy. At the same time, it was a unique right only belonging to the second master of the Snake Den. i2nhpz

However, after listening to his words, Su Liang looked more and more stiff.



Lu Taipan’s gaze sank, and he stopped talking immediately.

Sure enough, he soon heard the boy’s extremely nervous responses. “These compensations are… too… too much.”

Su Liang tried his best to stay natural, but his voice was already a little dry.

XombwS

“A long time ago, you once provided me with shelter when I was at my lowest, but this time…. I calmed down your mental rampage, probably because the Heavens told me to return your favour.” Su Liang smiled, reluctant.

“I almost forcibly marked you. Twice.” Lu Taipan said in a deep voice. The resistance Su Liang exhibited made the man frown subconsciously. “This has far exceeded my minor help to you at that time.”

“I am just a beta.”



Su Liang raised his head suddenly and looked straight at Lu Taipan. He said every word with utmost seriousness. nf9oQI

It was as if the person in front of him was not aware of his gender.

While speaking, Su Liang raised his hand and gently stroked the healed mark on the back of his neck.

He took a deep breath. When he spoke again, his tone became brisk. “Betas like us won’t be able to respond to alphas as omegas do. No matter what, it is futile to mark us. Not to mention, Lord Patriarch, you were in such a special situation at that time… during emergencies, artificial resuscitation needs to be done. What happened before was similar to it.”

When Su Liang said this, the corners of his mouth pulled up, showing a slight smile. “It’s just a simple matter, it’s too much for you to give me these houses and this high authority.” Tw6WsF

The young man spoke briskly, but his words were guarded and standoffish.

Lu Taipan glanced over Su Liang’s slightly pale face, eyes slightly dark.

After Su Liang finished speaking, the Snake Den’s Master seemed to be thinking about something and didn’t speak immediately.

The ward fell into silence. agomHT

And just as the atmosphere gradually became a little dignified, a certain AI suddenly interrupted from the corner.

“Too much? How is it ‘too much’? Do you know how much our medical officers get paid each year, is that ‘too much’? They’ve tossed and turned to stabilize the master’s mental value and tried to keep him in a state between crazy and not. But not only did you stabilize him, you also can appease the rampaging master! Every mecha he destroys is enough to buy several mountains in other star regions! Not to mention that master has done so many things that he shouldn’t have done to you. According to our Snake Den’s rules, anyone who has done such compulsive behavior to others will be dispatched to an alien system to clean up space worm shit for two decades, but someone is still sitting here, that means he should convert his yearly wage into its equivalent to compensate you….. Wait wait, you are the one who’s making a loss now!”

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“Steward—”

Lu Taipan took a deep breath. SXI4D5

“Also, young master Su Liang, don’t always think that you are a beta. In fact, your mental power can have such a soothing effect this time, which actually means that you are…zzt…..”

Steward, who had become extremely frivolous and talkative because of the entertainment android’s internal settings, suddenly got stuck in place after a puff of smoke came out.

“Stew….ard?”

Su Liang’s eyes widened in disbelief. OR97dG

Lu Taipan snapped his fingers, and several low-level cleaning robots rushed in. They dragged the extremely heavy android body, rustling, and walked towards the door.

“Don’t worry, he just short-circuited.”

Lu Taipan spoke calmly to Su Liang.

“Its program is too large for this kind of entertainment android. You don’t have to pay much attention to it.” gOU6TB

Su Liang was silent.

He felt that Steward’s short-circuiting was abnormal, but he dared not say it.

Without Steward’s interruption, the issue of compensation ended with Su Liang biting the bullet, stammering and asking if it could be converted into the Snake Den’s public welfare investment in District 48.

After receiving Lu Taipan’s affirmation, the boy visibly sighed in relief. Nz37Kd

Actually, Lu Taipan didn’t take back the previous property transfer and authority upgrade to Su Liang. Naturally, he didn’t intend to tell the boy about this so soon.

He left Su Liang’s ward calmly as usual, and when he opened the door, he saw Steward, who had put on a brand new android body, looking at him from the corner.





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Even though it was the classic factory-brand android model, there was somehow a hint of resentment on its face.

“Pa kjr ws cfk ybvs, sbe’gf gfjiis abb mgefi!” Ktf CP’r abcf kjr oeii bo jmmerjalbcr. “P mgfjafv bqqbgaeclalfr obg sbe jcv sbecu wjrafg Ve Oljcu! Pa’r mifjg atja sbecu wjrafg Ve Oljcu lr kbgglfv jybea tlr yfaj lvfcalas, yea tlr rqlglaeji qbkfg lr rb qbkfgoei atja la mjc jqqfjrf sbe! Ktlr xlcv bo atlcu mjc bcis yf vbcf ys j tlutis mbwqjalyif bwfuj! Pa’r nfgs ilxfis atja tf aegcfv lcab jc bwfuj veglcu atf vfnfibqwfca bo tlr lcobgwjalbc uijcvr, tf jmaejiis vbfrc’a cffv ab kbggs ja jii. Ktf wfvlmji vfqjgawfca tjr jigfjvs yffc vlrqjamtfv, jcv atf gfreiar bo tlr lc-vfqat qtfgbwbcf jcjisrlr klii yf gfifjrfv lwwfvljafis. Tbe mjc pera afii tlw atlr ab mbwobga tlw–” 8qYNT0

Lu Taipan couldn’t help frowning when he heard Steward say ‘omega’ so many times. His expression grew colder.

He ignored Steward’s earnest words, but said abruptly. “Give me a summary of Su Liang’s information; from childhood to adulthood.”

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Steward was taken aback, expressing its confusion. “Information summary? But you didn’t…”

“I want ‘all’ of his information.” Lu Taipan glanced at Steward indifferently, and repeated. QkX5Pp

“Alright.”

Steward responded quickly this time.

When Lu Taipan returned to his office, he did get what he commanded and obtained all of the information and data related to Su Liang from childhood to adulthood. Both of his parents died when he was young, and he lived with his only relative – his sister; his sister who had differentiated into a high-level omega was brought into the Lu family and raised carefully; before his differentiation, he was coveted and harassed because of his beauty, and was humiliated and bullied after being diagnosed with dysplasia of his pheromone glands. His close acquaintanceship with Lu Zhizhao, as well as the countless gossips and ostracisation caused by it…

Most of this information has briefly appeared in the previous data. At that time, Lu Taipan had just casually skimmed through the beta’s unhappy past, without any disturbances within his heart. mVWrO3

But the Lu Taipan of now observed it carefully.

Suddenly, his eyes paused on a report. It showed that not long ago, Su Liang had encountered a minor harassment.

The Familial Discipline Enforcement Department has its own sets of criteria for judging violations within the family, ranging from serious S violations that involved the disclosure of internal secrets, betrayal murder, to E violations such as accidentally destroying flowers and plants in other people’s gardens.

And this report was marked as an E violation. H9274p

It should have been a trivial matter, but Lu Taipan clicked on the report anyway.

Then, Lu Taipan’s pupils froze slightly.

The first thing that popped up was the perpetrator’s guilty evidence, which was a video. While the chaotic scene appeared in front of his eyes, Lu Taipan heard several unbridled laughter.

This maniacal laughter came from the videographer and his companions. In the center of the screen, there were several tall alphas, with hideous faces, yelling and holding down the struggling young man on the ground. 8wydgW

That young man was Su Liang.

It was just different from the Su Liang that Lu Taipan was familiar with. The Su Liang in the video was extremely pale, his body and face covered with blood.

The frantically struggling beta was not as weak as he looked like, but in order to control him, the alphas resorted to violence.

This was the kind of despicable act that the Snake Den absolutely despised. Despite that, the act of brutality coming from a group of people against a single person obviously did not cause any psychological obstacles to this group of alphas. In the dark and dilapidated corner, the alphas cursed impatiently. WLOqFa

“Hold him down, shit, I’ve already fucking told you to hold him down!”

“Fuck, are betas these days so touch, why is he still so energetic—”

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

“Haha, you’re so fucking useless, you can’t even hold down this soft little bitch!”

“Wait, stop hitting, it’s no fun if he passes out!” t21TJy

“Don;t pass out, keep him awake! Forget it, why don’t you drug him first?”

While talking, someone smiled and walked towards the boy who was pushed to the ground, syringe in his hand.

“You guys better let me go. This illegal omega conversion drug is a strictly controlled illegal drug. Your forced use on others are in direct violation of the alliance’s laws.”

At this point, the previously silent Su Liang finally spoke. Kev2JW

He had an extremely cold and disgusted tone.

Seeing that Su Liang finally reacted, the videographer and his companions obviously became more excited.

“Pfft… direct violation….. Hahaha…. Illegal….”

Someone started laughing. mHB95d

“You finally spoke up, you little mute. Why do you still think that our Ning family is afraid of the alliance’s law? So ridiculous…”

“Yeah, this omega conversion agent is indeed illegal, but see, shouldn’t you be thanking us? Otherwise, where would you get this kind of good thing? Aren’t you just a beta who follows Master Lu all day? Isn’t it better to be an omega instead? Now that we’ve found this thing for you so kindly, so that you can be a good omega, why are you still so stubborn and trying to paint us as the villains.”

“Pfft, isn’t it true? Although you may become an idiot who can only spread your legs after taking this drug, at least your face won’t go to waste after being an omega, right?”

The person holding the syringe has already stuck to Su Liang’s side. D6XV1i

As the needle approached, Su Liang gasped for breath, the cold sweat trickling down from the corner of his forehead little by little, mixing with his blood.

“A group of idiots, you will regret it.”

The boy said coldly.

His appearance caused the group of people to howl once more. NS8Zou

“Wow, look at this beta’s arrogance! Let me tell you, you’d better fucking thank us in the future. If you’re not an omega, how can you have the face to stay by our young master Lu’s side?”

“You don’t even know that you’re going to die, tsk, mouse shit should be kept in the nest, don’t try to jump into the soup pot…”

Chrysanthemum Garden.

“Fuck, there’s so much nonsense. Hurry up, give me the drug. I heard that young master Lu is already looking for him at school.”

Someone spoke up. 8btHq3

And when the person holding the syringe in the video heard the words ‘young master Lu’, his face showed a little bit of nervousness.

“Fuck, I really don’t know what kind of ecstasy soup was fed into him, a beta like this can even seduce him.”

As he said that, the alpha raised his hand and grabbed Su Liang’s neck to inject that drug into his body.

“Crack—” vWNJmz

It was the sound of metal breaking.

He clearly knew that this was a video from the past, but Lu Taipan couldn’t help but directly crush the chair’s armrest.

At the same time, in the video, Su Liang suddenly sneered.

He suddenly struggled to pull out his hand, and threw a small metal device directly at the alphas.” 6f7Rvg

“Ahhhh–”

“What… it hurts… argh… it hurts……”

“Wait……”

At that moment, the screen trembled suddenly, the alphas wailing in pain after the metal device fell to the ground. Even those who persisted the longest did not exceed three seconds, falling to the ground holding their heads and screaming endlessly. 9ErdaT

The screen of the video was tilted, weeds and gravel occupying majority of the screen. Obviously, they were thrown aside by the photographer in pain.

“Hu….”

“Hu…”

Amidst the continuous alpha’s wails, Lu Taipan heard Su Liang’s incomparably rapid breathing, it seemed… there was also a sound of extremely fearful and nervous gasps that had been suppressed for a long time. zEsLCn

The Snake Den’s Lord didn’t notice that his brows were already tightly knit together at this moment.

Of course, the next moment, his complexion became even worse.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

Because soon, he heard footsteps and a somewhat familiar voice.

“Xiao Liang, are you okay?!” r4qsSb

It was the voice of a man called Lu Zhizhao.

Immediately afterwards, came the voice of a frail and terrified boy.

“Su Liang gege…God, what’s going on…”

Lu Taipan narrowed his eyes. zpeJEK

This voice is…

was it the omega from the Ning family?

“It’s too scary. What’s wrong with these people? Are they crazy? Su Liang gege, there’s a lot of blood on your head, are you injured?”

The boy yelled repeatedly in fright. XQGRbS

“Don’t look, Ah’Ning, you hide behind me,” Lu Zhizhao said casually, “Xiao Liang, how are you…”

“I’m fine.”

Su Liang’s voice sounded, the fragility and fear that Lu Taipan heard before had completely disappeared.

He heard the boy’s calm and gentle tone again. pyhjPI

“I modified a mental oscillator, especially effective against alphas at a certain radius. They wanted to inject me with an illegal omega conversion drug earlier. I took the opportunity to activate it, then these people couldn’t bear it and passed out.”

If they had only heard Su Liang’s words at this moment, they would probably think that Su liang just suffered some minor injuries, and had calmly modified a special device to quickly get rid of these bastards who were trying to attack him.

Only Lu Taipan, who had watched the entire process, knew clearly that Su Liang was trembling when he was suppressed under that group of alphas.

“Omega conversion drug? Are they crazy! That can kill people! Damn it, those people…” ajcs9p

There were heavy footsteps, and Lu Taipan heard the muffled sound of something being hit. It was Lu Zhizhao venting his anger.

“Ah’Zhao, don’t be like this! Calm down, they’ve all fainted!”

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

But soon, the omega’s gentle and soft voice spoke, putting an end to Lu Zhizhao’s violence.

“It’s that damned rumour again!” Lu Zhizhao’s voice was extremely angry. “One day, I’ll kill everyone who dares spread that rumour!” 6oYcpV

Correspondingly, Ning Jiayi also seemed to have been greatly frightened. “Su Liang gege, I’m sorry, I’ve been explaining to everyone that Ah’Zhao and I are just normal friends, but they… the omega conversion drug, I thought that they were just talking about it for fun, I really didn’t expect them to do such a thing.”

Ning Jiayi sounded like he was about to cry.

“Su Liang gege, don’t be angry…”

“Xiao Liang, are you really okay? Why aren’t you talking? Don’t scare me!” ja2POU

Su Liang was silent for a while, but when Lu Zhizhao started panicking, the boy still spoke to comfort him.

“I’m not angry, I just thought that, maybe betas are not suitable to be with alphas.”

The voice seemed to be joking.

However, there was a slight tremor at the end of the sentence. gujZ4k

“You still say you aren’t angry!” Lu Zhizhao raised his voice. “I swear to you, I will definitely be responsible for this accident! I will never allow this kind of thing to happen again…”

“Damn it!”

The video disappeared with a crisp sound. Lu Taipan had destroyed the video equipment.

Lu Taipan stared at the black image, and after a while, he clicked on the Familial Discipline Enforcement Department’s report. nKG4rY

The reason why this recording can be kept until now indicated only one thing: the fact that a certain someone did not take responsibility, despite what he claimed.

According to the records of the Enforcement Department, the people who had done those things to Su Liang were all direct descendants of the Ning family. They indeed tried to use the omega conversion agent that was circulating on the black market, but it was an extremely inferior version.

Once it was injected, it was likely to cause the target to completely collapse, be in a vegetative state, or die.

However, that group of people did not receive much punishment. Ua1Vjz

Only two months of family service, and one week of confinement.

That was all.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Even if Su Liang was almost killed by a hot-headed heckler, it was nothing more but a trivial matter to Lu Family.

And how many similar things have happened before? N9u7C6

Those bullying and injuries that happened in secret were not recorded.

Lu Taipan suddenly stood up from his desk.

A strong impulse urged him to rush directly into the ward.

If possible, he even wanted to hug the boy on the hospital bed. CL6RZi

He wished to be able to travel through time and space, directly appearing in that dilapidated alley, and then tightly protect the Su Liang who was covered in blood and had a forced smile behind him.

But at this moment, a buzzer sounded from his waist.

Then, Steward’s voice appeared in his headset.

“Young master Su Liang’s in-depth inspection report has arrived from the medical department.” dN9Iz3

The AI seemed to be serious.

“According to the report, young master Su Liang’s information glands are nearly mature.”

It hesitated for a while, and then finished its remaining sentence.

“…But the data indicates that young master Su Liang’s final gender is still a beta.” xMaAHg



* * *



tn: this is the 2nd ko-fi chapter! thanks for supporting! next chapter: su nuan comes back again!



some time ago, someone asked what does lu taipan’s pheromones, a ‘cold’ scent smells like. you know when you eat mint, candy mint, artificial mint and your mouth feels cold… I figured it probably smelt like that. su liang’s pheromones is quite easy to imagine. it’s often described as a “green” scent, so it’s the smell of unripe fruit, slightly sour and astringent, but when it fully develops, it will probably taste sweet and juicy. thanks to spam sandwich for helping me figure it out LOL

1XsIbc





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 43


The Snake Den’s Medical Center–

“How could he still be a beta? It’s obvious that the compatibility degree is so high, and his spiritual power is so soothing to the Snake Lord…” v8Z1Mt

“Yes, the extracted pheromone response is also extremely strong. This result is too strange.”

…..



Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

In the Central Medical Center’s testing laboratory, the peaceful atmosphere was more dignified than it was in the past.

The capable, calm, and professional researchers were also in a daze at this time, refusing to accept reality and repeatedly checking the experimental results. WpSZuc

Bai Nian crossed his arms and stood in the corner of the laboratory indifferently. He listened to the unbelievable murmurs of his colleagues. In the end, he couldn’t help but roll his eyes.



“It’s not that strange, isn’t it? That beta was attacked in the early stages of his development, and a strong inducer was injected into his body. The opportunity for his information gland’s development came from the inducer drug, and the inducer was concocted from the Snake Lord’s pheromones.” He spoke coolly. “…It is normal for the Snake Lord to react to his pheromones.”

But he was immediately refuted. “The situation you mentioned may be possible, but there are no precedents. Furthermore, there is no way to explain why Su Liang’s mental power also has a strong soothing effect on the Snake Lord…”

“That’s right, I think that the results are still faulty.”

wnC0yZ

“Should we re-check? I’ve always felt that we must have missed some conditions…”

He looked at those who are still unwilling to give up.

Bai Nian felt slightly restless.



“I’m going for a breather.” u0E3cM

He said, and left the laboratory without waiting for anyone’s reply.

However, after opening the door, he couldn’t even manage to take two steps. As soon as he looked up, two familiar figures came into view.

It was Xue Yinhuan and Black Mamba.

“What are you still doing here?” Bai Nian frowned suddenly. BZymIJ

“The results are out, are you guys still going to squat around here waiting for a ‘miracle’?”

The Leiyan youth said angrily.

He was upset.

Before the final results were published, it was too lively outside of the laboratory. Probably because of their surprise at their boss’ ability to find an omega, the Vipers who had finished their training would often take the opportunity of treatment to loiter around the laboratory, waiting for the final results to finally welcome the Snake Lord’s destined mate. ePsKpI

… However in the end, that guy remained a beta.

Bai Nian thought in his heart.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

As long as he was a beta, it meant that his pheromones can only exuded at an extremely low value, even if his pheromone glands were mature.

This low level of pheromones and mental power will never be able to form an effective and soothing effect on an alpha, unlike a mature high-compatibility omega. 0KdEBn

This also meant that even if Su Liang’s mental power was highly useful, he can at most just alleviate Lu Taipan’s surface problems, but never the root cause. Once Lu Taipan’s mental condition continues to deteriorate, the worst event will come.

Bai Nian had thought that the Vipers had gone away, but when he suddenly say Xue Yinhuan and Black Mamba, he felt more irritable, his tone particularly unpleasant.

Xue Yinhuan stared in astonishment at Bai Nian, whose face was exceedingly dark, and almost lost his temper when he was attacked for no reason.

Xue Yinhuan actually didn’t come for the differentiation results, he just came to receive some treatment, and just so happened to meet Bai Nian. However, looking at Bai Nian’s haggard face, the anger lingered in Xue Yinhuan’s throat for a moment, and he finally suppressed it forcibly. Y2i7NA

He probably can understand Bai Nian’s current anxiety. Unlike others, Bai Nian is not really one of the Snake Den’s members.

At the beginning, he was a test subject that Lu Taipan picked up from the Canaanite’s human experiment laboratories on the battlefield.

Although Bai Nian can be said to be a Leiyan, no one actually knows what he is – he may be an artificial human, or he may have differentiated after the experiments and just has a Leiyan’s characteristics.

Anyways, the Leiyan blossoms resisted him even far more than the earthlings. PE6pVt

It was near impossible for a modified human experiment like him to find a foothold outside the Snake Den. Probably because of this, Lu Taipan brought him back to the Snake Den. He didn’t really take care of him very carefully, but the young Leiyan regarded Lu Taipan as his sole belief.

This kind of almost crazy worship had caused various troubles to the Vipers usually, but thinking about his origin and the fact that he devoted himself to the cause of saving their boss, everyone just ignored him.

“Su Liang also has a name. Don’t just keep calling him a beta, as if being a beta is inferior. No matter what you say, his mental strength is still compatible with the boss. As long as boss doesn’t fall into a rampage again, together with Su liang, his spirit will also improve…”

Xue Yinhuan sighed, reluctantly persuading him. jhIOdH

Then, Bai Nian became more annoyed.

“He is just an ordinary, weak beta. I’m really curious on why you guys aren’t willing to admit it.”

“Bai Nian, that’s not the case. Su Liang may be a beta, but whether he releases mental power or pheromones, it’s useful. Why are you targeting him like this?”

“Target? Heh, who is targeting whom?” Bai Nian asked fiercely. GfEJBD

After Lu Taipan woke up, he learnt of Bai Nian’s accusation towards Su Liang. The man’s expression was calm, and he didn’t say anything.

However, when Su Liang was mentally exhausted and had to recuperate in his private medical ward, Bai Nian was directly sent to work in the Snake Den Medical Center’s laboratory.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

It was as if he was being chased away.

When Bai Nian thought of this, he couldn’t control his emotions anymore, so he turned around and left the medical center. 1gUBlR





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


“Djl Rljc, sbe—”

Obbxlcu ja atf yjmx bo atf Oflsjc, fnfc Wef Tlctejc’r ojmf yfmjwf uibbws.

“Krx, lo sbe jgf rb qbkfgoei, sbe rtbeiv olcv rbwfbcf ktb lr wbgf qbkfgoei atjc Ve Oljcu.”

Lf weaafgfv obg j ibcu alwf, atfc revvfcis ifa bea j ibcu rlut. PWtqOg

“Ciatbeut atfgf lr cbatlcu kgbcu klat yflcu j yfaj, yea atf ybrr’r rlaejalbc, jijr… Rbk P uefrr atf ybrr jirb tjr j tfjvjmtf.”

Thinking that Su Liang’s final differentiation result was still a beta, Xue Yinhuan was also a little depressed.

But at this moment, Black Mamba, who had been silent all this time, suddenly spoke faintly. “I think the boss should be relieved.”

Xue Yinhuan was taken aback. sS0tQv

Black Mamba glanced at him and said, “Think about it, the madame…”

Xue Yinhuan’s eyes darkened as the word “madame” came to his ears.

Only the closest Vipers knew about the Lu family’s secrets, and he suddenly remembered it.

The Lu family was not born rich and powerful. In fact, before Lu Taipan, the Lu family was most famous for its Snake Den. However, compared with the current Snake Den, the “Snake Den” back then was more like a group of mercenaries. bDXFNG

The powerful, ruthless, and efficient killing force is the best knife in the hands of other forces. The prestige of the “Snake Den” is also known to the Earth Alliance for its bloody killings time and time again.

Among them, the “Snake Den” was particularly powerful because the leaders of almost every generation were all extremely high-level alphas.

It can be said that almost every generation of Snake Lords were at default, S-ranked.

Among the entire alliance, only the Lu family can do this. KAki4a

However, few people know that this overly powerful bloodline is both strength and curse.

——The S-level alphas of the Lu family are all lunatics.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

Because of the extremely high level, it was very difficult for the Lords of each generation of the Snake Den to find a suitable omega.

And even if the lucky ones among them can find their own mates, another hidden danger will erupt from that hateful bloodline. G6tymh

They have a pathological desire for monopoly and strong demands towards their partners, whether it is sexual or spiritual…

The extreme greed and madness of the Snake Lords seem to be completely beyond the controls of reason, but their physique was immensely strong. Under the extremely crazy desire, almost every generation of Snake Lords has to face the sad ending of their partner’s premature demise due to the exhaustion of their physical and mental power.

The most recent example of this is “Madame”.

Lu Taipan’s “mother”. 5xE19z



The former Snake Lord who already had a wife thought that he had escaped this sad curse: he had a wife who was well-suited and gave birth to several alpha children.

He was calm, wise, and can even be called noble in terms of morality.

However, after meeting his true partner, that is, “Madame”, the absolute madness hidden in his blood burst out instantly. tndPbF

He snatched away the teenager who already had a fiancée, and forced him to give birth to his most powerful child.

Because his omega once had a lover, he even chained him to his side in madness. And the price he paid was that when he woke up one day, he saw a severed wrist beside his bed, and the boy’s corpse beside his bed.



Before he died, that person tried his best to crawl farther on the ground, just to stay away from him when he died. bda9QZ

Although everything was already a matter of the previous generation, Xue Yinhuan couldn’t help but shiver involuntarily when thinking of the secrets he had seen.

“I think now, um, it seems pretty good that Xiao Liang is a beta.”

Xue Yinhuan murmured.

“However, is there really nothing you can do about the boss’’s problem?” RkhTeg

After a while, Xue Yinhuan couldn’t help asking.

Black Mamba was silent for a while before responding. “If you can find an omega that can completely surpass the alpha level, can completely control the riots in the spiritual sea and calm the alpha body, it is probably possible under such circumstances. ”

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Xue Yinhuan rolled his eyes. “You might as well say that there is nothing he can do.” His face collapsed, “To match the boss’s SS-level alpha, the omega that can be compatible with him is already just a fantasy. If it’s not a myth or a legend, hopefully God can send us a sigma….”

The two Vipers supported each other and gradually moved away. 2an7hM



* * *



A few days later —

“Beta…”

Su Liang stepped out of the Snake Lord’s medical ward step by step, and once again glanced at the differentiation result judgment report. After looking at the word ‘beta’ for a long time, he finally couldn’t help but let out a long sigh of relief.

However, he immediately felt a little apologetic. zfAqPo

He actually knew that had he become an omega, he would have probably become that person’s mate.

The extremely handsome and taciturn face of the Snake Den’s Lord appeared in his mind, and Su Liang suddenly felt a strange emotion in his heart.

If he was an omega, he could probably stabilize the man’s mental condition well and cure his terminal illness. Moreover, he could probably make a pretty good couple with that person.

Thinking of this, Su Liang’s cheeks felt slightly hot. 1fPXHa

However, behind that extremely secret expectation, Su Liang knew very well that it will never come true.

The sun was shining, warming his body. As Su Liang walked forward, he touched the back of his neck unconsciously. The bite marks left by Lu Taipan have long faded, and now Su Liang can’t feel anything.

After all, he was a beta.

He thought. EWM3im



Recalling his previous life, Su Liang’s eyes flashed with indifference.

Because there was no pheromones, even people who have loved passionately will leave easily, despite being sworn to one another.

Because of the attraction between pheromones, will they love each other naturally and then grow older together? cfDFyk

Then what if there was a problem with the information gland one day.

Su Liang remembered very clearly that if there were no accidents, he would suffer from an anedoma on his information gland in the future. At that time, he may not even be able to secrete even the slightest bit of pheromones.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Thinking of this, despite knowing that he was a beta, despite being unable to help Lu Taipan completely escape from his illness, Su Liang still couldn’t help thinking….

Not being an omega, it’s really good. H5Jxij

“Young master Su Liang, congratulations on your recovery. It can be seen that you are in a good mood now.”

After smiling, Su Liang heard the pleasant greeting from the AI.

“Steward!”

The smile in his eyes deepened, and he quickly waved at the other party. d4uMwQ

“I’m really in a good mood. After all, no one likes to stay in the ward all the time… Well, even if the food is good.”

Su Liang made a face at Steward.

Today was the day when he fully recovered and left the Snake Lord’s private medical center.

1QtR 8

Of course, if Su Liang is willing, he can also live here forever. Completely different from the hospitals outside, the Snake Lord’s medical center has all kinds of facilities, and life was very pleasant under Steward’s comprehensive care.

But Su Liang still insisted on leaving today. Apart from not wanting to live in the ward, the most important thing is that Su Nuan is here.

As an outsider, Su Nuan was able to directly enter the Snake Den to visit him. Su Liang was surprised, but as soon as he saw Steward lingering, Su Liang immediately understood who arranged all of this.

“Thank you.” 4Tbzhn

After leading Su Nuan through the checkpoints and finally arriving at the Secret Garden, he turned his head and whispered to Steward.

“Can you deliver my thanks… Thank you, Lord Patriarch.”

After thinking for a while, Su Liang added with slightly warm cheeks.

Steward raised his hand and touched his ear lightly. ZvrQ1k



“Sending your thanks.”

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

After a few seconds, its electronic eyes flickered and looked at Su Liang.

“Master said: You are welcome.” l5NToJ

The AI’s electronic voice was extremely peaceful, but Su Liang still felt his heart beat faster when he heard the extremely simple three words.

Inexplicably, Lu Taipan’s face suddenly appeared in his mind.

He hadn’t seen each other for several days, but the man’s appearance was so vivid in his heart, he could even imagine how the man would lower his eyes and respond calmly after receiving the butler’s message.

Probably still looks very indifferent. sd4HSc



But if he stood in front of him, he will definitely find that the look in that person’s eyes was very gentle.

“Xiao Liang—”

When his sister’s voice came from the door, Su Liang shivered and quickly recovered. WPLXYv

Su Nian looked at Steward and Su Liang in the garden from a distance, her expression shrouded in the shadows, making it hard to see.

Su Liang hurriedly bid farewell to Steward, and turned to meet Su Nuan.

After opening the door, Su Nuan who was always gentle with Su Liang, said nothing. After looking around the room for a long time, the woman sat on the sofa with a serious face.

She looked at Su Liang. xuTtXB

“Jie, what’s wrong?”



As soon as Su Liang saw his sister’s expression, he immediately felt bad and wanted to pretend to be nonchalant to deal with it.

But Su Nuan obviously didn’t intend to give him a chance to fool her. rqiBnv

“What exactly is going on?”

Su Nuan stared at Su Liang and asked.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“Tell me the truth, why, as a service worker, you can enter the Snake Den, live in this kind of place, and even allow me to come here to visit you.”

“It’s kind of a long story.” WipzmF

Su Liang responded dryly.



Su Nuan was silent for a while, and when she spoke again, her voice became more tense.

“Is it a long story?” After a long time, Su Nuan said sullenly, “I heard some rumors about you…” dt6Cb2

Upon hearing this sentence, Su Liang frowned subconsciously.

In both his last life and this life, the thing Su Liang heard the most was other people’s gossip about him. But even when the rumors were the most intense and everyone was madly slandering him behind his back, Su Liang had never seen Su Nuan bring it up in front of him.

Su Liang’s heart began to sink into his stomach bit by bit.

“What rumors?” XOPhx3

He asked.



After asking, Su Liang saw an extremely strange look on Su Nuan’s face.

“They said that,” Having said this, Su Nuan paused, as if trying to organize her words, “a few days ago, the Snake Lord was completely out of control, and you…you stood up in the mecha and went for 300 rounds with him in his madness, finally stopped his rampage, and successfully saved the entire Viper Squads and most of the buildings in the Snake Den. So now, you have become the Snake Lord’s savior and enjoy extremely high authority.” 8sHNh3

Su Liang: “…Huh?”

After being dazed for a long time, Su Liang regained his language ability with difficulty.

“This kind of rumor, you know it’s not credible as soon as you hear it, right?” Su Liang almost didn’t know what face to put on to face Su Nuan, “Why do you still come here and ask me this?”

As a result, upon hearing Su Liang’s words, Su Nuan’s expression became even weirder. 7JAg8

“The problem lies here. This rumor was confirmed by the Snake Lord at the family meeting a few days ago.”



Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com



* * *



Maybe it was because that boring family meeting that was full of temptations, tricks and benefit exchanges was too long, it consumed some people’s minds.

Or maybe because the fact that Lu Taipan actually participated in the family meeting was too shocking, that it completely threw some people off their feet. p9T6Wd

Anyways, in said meeting, someone looked at the expressionless Snake Lord and asked about that topic very stupidly.

“Lord Patriarch, we really didn’t expect you to honor us by attending this family meeting. However, we heard that your ‘old injury’ relapsed a few days ago, and it was quite serious? But looking at Lord Patriarch now, you look really well, do you have any secrets that you used to heal your old wound?”

It was too straightforward a temptation.

Almost at the instant the man spoke, the originally extremely noisy hall fell into silence. SAqIfC

Intentionally or not, everyone focused on Lu Taipan.

But no one would expect that the man leaning on the high-back chair would really pay attention to that person.

However, something unexpected really happened.

The tall, pale man whose body was covered in a pitch-black overcoat lazily opened his eyes after that question. His pure black pupils suddenly looked at the person who spoke, which made them break out in cold sweat and almost knelt on the spot. gwPk4J

But the Snake Lord suddenly raised the corners of his lips, revealing a smile that made everyone feel at a loss.

“There is no secret.”

“However, a very cute person came by my side recently… when one’s mood is good, their body will naturally heal.”

Lu Taipan spoke softly. hekUlC

However, it was precisely because the smile on his lips was so gentle, that it made everyone present shudder and fall into a complete panic.



* * *



tn: so close! no uncle and bb interactions this chapter 🙁 so sad

next chapter: su liang tries to get closer to uncle! also rip xue yinhuan

3ZuAXR





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 44


Listening to the details of the strange rumor, Su Liang became dumbfounded. Although most of the Lu family members did not exactly hear what Lu Taipan said at the family meeting, the rumors that starred Lu Taipan as the protagonist was still spreading around. For most people, it can already be regarded as a form of affirmation.

Towards the said rumors, Su Liang didn’t even know where to begin – the mecha part was real, Lu Taipan’s rampage was also true, and the fact that he had appeased the Snake Den’s Lord’s rampage was also true. yvVCWf

But when the combination of all these truths are turned into a rumor, why did it become so bizarre in the end?

Besides, these kinds of rumors that are made up with half-truths and half-lies are more difficult to explain than actual nonsense.



Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Of course, what should be explained needs to be explained.

“Jie, it’s not like that…” jrDGSU

Su Liang took a deep breath and sat next to his sister, telling Su Nuan about his experience during this period of time.



The ambush on him in the outer courtyard of the Snake Den; the re-development of his information glands; the Leiya Blossoms he cultivated after being transferred to the inner courtyard; his accidental encounter with the rampaging Snake Lord whilst learning about mechas, and the subsequent misunderstandings that lead to the discovery of his mental powers being able to appease the Snake Lord’s rampage…

Su Liang spoke with utmost caution.

Naturally, Su Liang still omitted several details of what happened in the mecha and the ensuing minor accidents.

8t7gM5

In fact, if it was the past Su Liang, he probably wouldn’t tell Su Nuan everything he had experienced even if she asked. After all, for a long time, his habit of only reporting the good things but not the bad, and claiming that everything was at peace had been ingrained into him.

But for some reason, Su Liang did not want to hide this from Su Nuan at all.

“…Anyways, it’s roughly like that. Don’t believe in those strange rumors anymore! The Lord Patriarch isn’t as scary as they say. He’s really a good person and takes special care of me,” Su Liang said seriously. “And, let me tell you, he’s not a middle-aged man, he’s really handsome! I’m very happy to be staying in the Snake Den. Very, very happy.”



Finishing with this sentence, Su Liang stared at Su Nuan’s expression from the peripherals of his vision, slightly uneasy. zaeG8Y

When he was narrating, Su Liang racked his brains to word it, so that his particularly magical experience would not sound too exciting. He was a little worried that Su Nuan would be worried.

His sister was very good in everything, but everything that happened in the Lu family for all these years, especially what happened to Su Liang, had turned this gentle and meticulous woman into a frightened bird.

Su Nuan seems to be worried, always anxious.

Every time Su Liang mentioned his life to her, Su Nuan would keep asking. Even if Su Liang fooled her, the worry in the woman’s eyes never faded away. T7DsfF

And this time, Su Liang’s life in the Snake Den can be considered exciting. It even involved the Snake Lord Lu Taipan and the development of his information glands….

Su Liang was ready for his sister to get hyper anxious and start nagging, but he didn’t expect that after hearing what he said, Su Nuan just let out a long sigh, and smiled relaxedly.

“The people here in the Snake Den take good care of you, and your information are finally back to normal. No wonder you’re happy here…”

Seeing his sister let him go so casually, Su Liang suddenly became unaccustomed to it. 2V1LUJ

“Why didn’t you start nagging at me..”

Su Liang held back for a while, and finally couldn’t help muttering.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Then he got a disdainful look from Su Nuan.

“It’s been so many years, why are you still so stupid.” F6keDt

Su Nuan stretched out her finger, and tapped Su Liang’s forehead lightly,

“I’ve been listening to you claiming that everything is okay for all these years. After raising you for so many years, I can tell at a glance whether you are doing well.”

Hearing his sister’s words, Su Liang couldn’t help being taken aback.

Su Nuan’s fingertips were only tapping lightly on his forehead, without any force. Then, Su Nuan smiled and raised her hand to stroke Su Liang’s head. rz iQn

“Look, you finally have flesh on your face, your complexion is good, and there is light in your eyes… It means that you are really happy now.” Su Nuan said, “You are happy, and as your sister, I am naturally relieved, why would I need to nag you again, what a little fool.”

“Jie……”

Su Liang stared blankly at Su Nuan, but what flashed in his mind was the scene in his previous life where he tried his best to pretend in front of Su Nuan every time he reported good news instead of the bad.

At that time, Su Nuan kept asking him. fW32tE

[Ah’Liang, how are you?]

[Ah’Liang, are you happy?]

At that time, his sister was probably really, really worried about him.

Su Liang suddenly felt that his nose was slightly sore. CxPGr8

Su Nuan’s eye sockets were also slightly red.

A moment later, probably to cover up her embarrassment, Su Nuan suddenly nodded towards Su Liang’s face.

“You will become more beautiful once you have more meat on your face. Thankfully, you’re still a beta, if you become an omega, that ‘Lord Patriarch’ you keep mentioning, people will think that you’ve fallen for him. I know that the Snake Lord has taken good care of you, but if others misunderstand, it will really give me a headache….”

After starting the conversation, Su Nuan accidentally started rambling again. V7XuJy

“Jie, I just praised you for not nagging, but here you are…”

As soon as Su Liang heard the phrase ‘people will think that you’ve fallen for him’, his heart beat suddenly, and he instinctively started to speak in a half-coquettish, half-complaining tone, digressing the topic.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

“What, have you developed a temper in just a few days since you’ve come to the Snake Den? I’m your sister, why can’t I nag you…”

“I was wrong, Jie, forgive me, you’re right about nagging!” rTIavw





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Su Nuan looked at the boy in front of her who was exaggeratedly pretending to be begging for mercy, and felt extremely relieved, but at the same time, a trace of sourness flashed in her heart.

Ve Oljcu tjv gfjiis reoofgfv abb wemt obiibklcu tfg. Pc bgvfg cba ab kbggs tfgrfio, cb wjaafg ktja uglfnjcmfr tf reoofgfv, Ve Oljcu pera rwlifv. Xgjvejiis, lcfzbgjyis, ktfc Ve Rejc gfjilhfv la, Ve Oljcu tjv yfmbwf j vbmlif jcv mbcrlvfgjaf ybs ktb jikjsr tjv j rwlif bc tlr ilqr.

Dea atfgf kjr cfnfg j rwlif lc tlr fsfr.

Until this moment, where Su Nuan finally saw her younger brother again, showing a bright smile in front of her, and there was no trace of gloom in his eyes. dODW6Z

When Su Liang asked to talk about the Snake Den before, Su Nuan was actually very worried. Until this moment, she was finally completely relieved. Looking at Su Liang’s current appearance, for a moment, Su Nuan wished that Su Liang would just stay in the Snake Den, completely ignoring the disturbances from the outside world, just live the life he wanted happily, and ignore the troubles outside.

For example…

Thinking of that “trouble”, Su Nuan’s smile froze.

In the following time, there were several times when Su Nuan hesitated to speak, but finally fell silent. Ex5wuF

Su Nuan frowned until she was about to leave, and made up her mind.

“Actually, seeing that you are living so well here, I shouldn’t have given you this thing.”

When it was time to part, Su Nuan stood up and stopped at the door.

“However, he almost knelt down and begged me. That young master, I can’t bear to let him stay like that…” 42dXHM

She struggled for a long time, finally letting out a long sigh. She turned around, took out a cardboard box from her bag, and handed it to Su Liang.

“Jie? This…”

Su Liang looked at Su Nuan, puzzled.

“This is what young master Lu asked me to hand over to you, no matter what.” fXL7BV

Su Nuan frowned and solemnly spoke.

The smile on Su Liang’s face faded.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

He took the cardboard box, lifting the lid expressionlessly.

What appeared in front of him was a familiar model – the model that had been smashed into pieces, leaving only fragments behind. Now, it was carefully repaired by someone, lying quietly in the cardboard box. es39GA

The model has been restored well and in great detail. If not observed closely, people won’t be able to tell that it was once broken.

Now that Su Liang’s information glands are almost fully developed, he can already vaguely detect other people’s pheromones. On this model, Lu Zhizhao’s scent permeated every inch of every crack.

Obviously, this was a model that Lu Zhizhao fixed himself.

Moreover, he spent a lot of effort on this, otherwise it would be impossible for such a strong scent to remain in it. lMhIZo

This is the model that Su Liang gave to Lu Zhizhao as a birthday present, and was targeted and broken by Ning Jiayi later.

Below the model, there is a note with only three words on it.

[I was wrong.]

In the past few years of being with Lu Zhizhao in the previous life, Su Liang has already become very familiar with his behavior pattern. O9uBA3

Just looking at these three words, Su Liang could already clearly outline what Lu Zhizhao wanted to say to himself when he wrote these three words.

I was wrong.

I have fixed the model you gave me.

So, can we redo it all over again…. SetKZ6

Su Liang looked at the model in the box, and after a while, chuckled lightly. He calmly took out the model he had given to Lu Zhizhao from the box.

Then, he put the note with [I was wrong] back in the cardboard box.

Su Liang returned the cardboard box to Su Nuan.

Su Nuan looked at her younger brother without knowing why, and when she saw that Su Liang picked up the model, the woman suddenly frowned. 49y GN

“Ah’Liang, what are you planning to do? You’re accepting this thing because you intend to continue messing with Master Lu?”

At this moment, Su Nuan’s expression changed. The reason why she agreed to Lu Zhizhao to take over the box and hand it over to Su Liang was because she had confidence in her brother. After all, Su Liang had made it very obvious before that he would never get entangled with Lu Zhizhao again. His personality seems to be soft, but in fact he is extremely stubborn, and once he decides on something, he will never change his mind.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Su Nuan felt that Su Liang would at most just glance at the box, and then quickly return the things. She could also take the box back and return it to Lu Zhizhao logically, so that Lu Zhizhao would completely give up on Su Liang from now on.

But what’s going on now? 36rIu2

Su Liang picked up the model and went to the display shelf, then randomly found a corner and stuffed the model into it. Compared with Su Nuan’s nervousness, Su Liang’s expression looked very relaxed.

“How could I continue to pester him. I’m not stupid.” Su Liang muttered, and then explained with a smile, “I don’t have any relationship with him anymore, but I gave it to him at the beginning. Now that he wants to return it, I’ll accept it. Now we’re even.” Looking at the repaired model, Su Liang sighed regretfully and in relief. “It cost me a lot of money at the beginning. Although it is broken, it may be sent to the charity primary school in District 48 to be used as a toy for the children there. By the way, Jie, let me tell you, the Snake Lord has built a primary school in District 48 with free tuition and no status restriction…”

Seeing Su Liang unconsciously mentioning the legendary gentle, kind, considerate, handsome and very powerful Snake Den’s Lord, Su Nuan helplessly interrupted him.

“You mean you want to donate it? But, I’m worried that Young Master Lu doesn’t….” ZXvde5

Su Nuan didn’t want Lu Zhizhao to get involved with her younger brother anymore, and wished to eliminate all hidden dangers at the source.

“If Lu Zhizhao insists, you can tell him directly… I don’t care.”

The boy shrugged and spoke lightly.

“Whether he was wrong or not, what does it have to do with me?” 2U5Inh



* * *



Deep in the Snake Den, in the training grounds.

“Ah, ah, help ah—”

In the silent exoskeleton combat training ground, someone let out a very miserable wail.

Despite their misery, the figure of the person who wailed was still as fast as lightning, and his movements were so fast that there were almost only afterimages. z8260s

However, the dark shadow chasing after him was more terrifying.

His movements were not fast, but every seemingly random attack landed steadily where the person in front stood.

“It hurts!”

Xue Yinhuan narrowly dodged an attack, and finally begged for mercy, with tears streaming down inside his helmet. i0CyOI

“Boss… Boss ah…. I was wrong, I was wrong… I won’t dare to assume that you’ve regressed after many days without training, I was delusional that I could persist under your hands for a while…. Please forgive me ah….”

The young Viper was about to cry.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

But as the absolute commander of the field, Lu Taipan didn’t pay attention.

In the next second, Xue Yinhuan, who was still screaming before, made a sudden move and directly reached out to Lu Taipan. 2pOGyM

Lu Taipan’s expression remained unchanged, as if he had already predicted this extremely tricky and vicious attack.

He raised his hand.

“Boom–”

The alloy floor cracked instantly, and Xue Yinhuan dodged this attack at an extremely terrifying speed. fb7kx9

However, before he had time to rejoice, he felt a pain in his chest.

A crack actually appeared on his exoskeleton’s chest combat armor.

Just a little bit, the attack power was about to break through the extremely thick combat armor and directly crush his heart. And Xue Yinhuan knew very well that this “little bit” was a concession by a certain man.”

“Huh…huh…” cId8wV

This time, Xue Yinhuan’s forehead really oozed cold sweat.

“Boss,” Xue Yinhuan tremblingly stabilized his figure in the distance, and then said dryly, “Why do I feel that you beat me so hard today?”

Lu Taipan: “…..”

Xue Yinhuan: “It’s almost as if you’re venting your anger.” KCfcaB

Lu Taipan didn’t speak.

On the contrary, Steward, who was the referee, could help but blurt out. “That’s not true, you know there’s some people, they’re so arrogant that they don’t want to meet the juniors that don’t like them, but in the end they….”

Then, the AI received two gazes.

One is the unusually cold gaze of the Snake Den’s Lord. JjbaAC

And the other is the young Viper’s gaze containing disbelief.

Steward froze for a moment. “Xue Yinhuan, I think that master simply thinks that you’ve been slacking off, and you need to strengthen your personal combat skills.”

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Xue Yinhuan immediately understood everything, and puffed up in anger.

“That Black Mamba, and Chi Lian and the others, why did they suddenly take up the task today?! I thought they were just being lazy and messing around, turns out they’re running for their lives…. Forget about running for their lives, why didn’t they tell me?! No, no, no, that’s why they were eagerly encouraging me, was it just to let me be a meat shield?! These people’s hearts are too dirty!” O846mD

Steward looked sympathetically towards the unbelieving Xue Yinhuan.

Ever since morning, when he personally approved the entry of the item marked as Lu Zhizhao’s belongings, Lu Taipan’s mood has been visibly low.

Only Xue Yinhuan came up to him without noticing, foolishly thinking that he could be tricky, and yelled that he wanted to spar with the Snake Den’s Lord.

Lu Taipan had already stepped aside, replacing the metal gloves that were worn out due to the strong impact. 43cAtT

As the buckle was tightened, the man turned around expressionlessly, looked at Xue Yinhuan and said, “Come.”

“I’m not coming.”

Xue Yinhuan firmly spoke.

While speaking, he slipped towards the door. kAuQpj

“I think that life really is beautiful. Really, boss, please let me go!”

Lu Taipan lowered his eyes and shook his wrist. He carefully adjusted the metal device between his wrist, but did not hinder Xue Yinhuan’s escape.

Until a report was sent to his terminal.

After clicking on it and reading the concise report, Lu Taipan’s eyes sank. faXLP2

“Ah, how could this be, our young Master Su Liang actually accepted ‘that’.”

It was as if it was deliberately said to him, the AI exclaimed very loudly.

According to the report of the security guard at the gate, when Su Nuan left the snake cave, the box she was carrying when she came in was not among the items she carried with her.

The box from Lu Zhizhao who asked to be handed over to Su Liang by name – when entering the Snake Den, Su Nuan repeated this matter several times very seriously. o3DBFC

“Ah.”

After a long time, Lu Taipan suddenly sneered.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Hearing that sneer, Steward’s electronic eyes flickered, and then it backed away quickly, distancing itself from Lu Taipan.

As for Xue Yinhuan… JRP91l

He was really unlucky today. One second before he managed to escape, the door in front of him suddenly turned red, locking with a ‘click’.

Xue Yinhuan: “…….”

The young and weak Viper turned his head in horror and looked at the gloomy man behind him.

Very good, even if he was as dense as he is now, he can clearly sense the abnormally cold aura on the Snake Den’s master. 8LbQhg

“…. one more time.”

Lu Taipan said.

After a pause, the man ordered Steward lightly. “Send a few people to Su Nuan’s residence to strengthen security measures.”

Steward: “Alright, order received.” nFLjmb

The AI endured and endured, and finally couldn’t hold back and muttered secretly in the end.

“So, in fact, you really thought that young master Su Liang wouldn’t accept it, right?”

Lu Taipan did not pay attention to it.

It’s just that his eyes became darker and colder than ever. brd9mz

The overflowing spiritual power was also tinged with a certain violent and cold aura.

Sensing the change in mental power, Xue Yinhuan’s expression turned serious, and he changed from crying pitifully before, and slowly stood up straight in the corner.

“Wow, boss, why do I feel that we are going to destroy another training ground today?”

He said with a wry smile. Ju4cPd

Lu Taipan snorted softly, and threw an extra high-destructive weapon to Xue Yinhuan.

It seems that another abnormal battle was about to start, but at this moment, Lu Taipan’s personal terminal flickered.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

He received the communication and glanced at the initiator of the communication. Lu Taipan paused.

After clicking on the communication, the young man’s clear voice came from the headset. RMUVyT

“My lord, I didn’t disturb you, did I?”

Su Liang said in a low voice, his voice sounded very pleasant.

“Um.”

Lu Taipan responded. ET6xyD

“…Thank you very much for arranging for my sister to visit me. I’m really, really happy.”

“Your authority originally allows family members to visit you. No need to thank me.”

The voice of the Snake Den’s Lord was very cold.

4IRVX



However, the young beta on the other end of the call was like a cat without vigilance, his attitude was still friendly, his voice waxy and soft.

“My Lord, I’m here to disturb you today because I want to take the liberty of asking you a question. Steward mentioned before to me that you need a personal caregiver. That, I want to ask, if I apply now… are, are you still short of personal caregivers?”

Lu Taipan: “…” fglN0x

After a long silence, Lu Taipan’s unusually quiet voice came from Su Liang’s communicator.

“I don’t lack personal caregivers. However, I currently need a spiritual conditioner. I think you can do it.”





* * *



tn: yes !!!!!!! yes!!!!! there’s some extra bits in the translator’s note last chapter, in case any of you missed my sudden 12 am edit (probably the majority of early readers) eBgcbr

next chapter: viper squad’s comedy session, go:



Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 45


In the Earth Alliance, most aristocratic families will provide important members of their families with spiritual conditioners. It was due to the fact that high-level alphas usually have a chance of experiencing spiritual rampages. It was difficult for spiritual conditioners to completely solve the hidden dangers of an alpha’s spiritual power like how a highly compatible omega would, but their work can be very effective in restraining the target’s spiritual rampage for quite some time.

With the help of special devices, even those who are not highly compatible can complete the spiritual conditioning. The spiritual conditioner can use their own spiritual power to contain the spiritual power that was constantly overflowing from the alpha, which was usually contaminated and violent, and then absorb it to process and detoxify. oNF5dX

Of course, professionals exist in the Snake Den. After all, these Vipers were all high-leveled, but among this group of high-level alphas, very few have their own partners. It can even be said that it was precisely because of the Snake Den’s situation that it has more advanced spiritual conditioning equipment than other families do.

It was just that the position of the Snake Lord’s ‘personal’ spiritual conditioner has always been vacant. After all, when an alpha’s level reaches SS, the spiritual conditioner can no longer have an effect at al.



Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

….Until Su Liang came to the Snake Den, that is.



* * *



A few days later— M9gCv0

“Wu… I should lose weight.”



Su Liang stood in front of the mirror, staring at it seriously, and muttered softly.

In the mirror, he was wearing the special uniform of the spiritual conditioners.

It was a kind of tight-fitting outfit similar to the Viper’s combat uniforms, but in a pure white color. It tightly covered everything up from the calf to the chin. In fact, it can’t be said to be a very revealing outfit.

5UHfNz

The problem was actually the material of the uniform. It was an extremely soft and thin material, when draped on the body, it was precisely like a second skin. Furthermore, its soft material clearly outlines the body’s muscles and contours.

Su Liang didn’t know if it was because he was raised so well in the Snake Den lately. He, who was always thin, had actually gained a little weight.

When trying on the uniform, Su Liang actually felt that his hips and chest area were a little tight. Of course, since the fabric was very stretchy, the tightness didn’t bother him too much, until he was fully dressed and looked in the mirror…



He couldn’t help frowning. Kv2Q0

There seems to be something wrong, his butt….

But when he looked at it closely, it doesn’t seem too inappropriate.

Su Liang didn’t stay in front of the mirror for too long, his clothes made him slightly uncomfortable. But looking at the time, Su Liang still felt that it was more important to go to work on time.

Of course, before going out, he subconsciously took a military uniform coat and put it on himself. p4gdR1

After arriving at the medical center, he found that Lu Taipan’s medical center was much more lively.

The Snake Lord’s private medical center was always quiet, but here it is now, bustling with people coming and going.

After being at the Snake Den for so long, Su Liang couldn’t help but feel nostalgic when he returned to the crowd.

But soon, that slightly joyful mood was gradually replaced by unease. QdX2wJ

Was it just an illusion? Su Liang couldn’t help but think that he always seem to feel that the Vipers coming and leaving the medical center would sneak a second look at him when they passed by him.

Su Liang tried hard to find out why.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

But at this moment, a Viper passed by, glancing at Su Liang, and then turned away, seemingly indifferent.

But Su Liang could clearly see the man tripping down the stairs. Ds3gfE





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Ve Oljcu: ….

Ve Oljcu mbeivc’a tbiv yjmx jcv aeuufv bc tlr meoor jujlc, yfmbwlcu wbgf jcv wbgf ecregf bo ktfatfg tf kjr vgfrrfv lcmbggfmais atja vjs.

“Xiao Liang!”

Mbgaecjafis, ja atlr wbwfca, j ojwliljg nblmf mjwf ogbw yftlcv. y0CqUD

Lf aegcfv tlr tfjv lc regqglrf, pera lc alwf ab rff Wef Tlctejc jcv Vafkjgv’r jcvgblv ybvs yftlcv tlw.

“Yinhuan, Steward!”

Su Liang immediately relaxed a lot.

After knowing that Su Liang had officially taken up the position of a spiritual conditioner, Xue Yinhuan volunteered to accompany him for a tour. Steward had contacted him via text before he left, stating that he would wait for Su Liang at the medical center and send him to his place of work. AX5seI

Xue Yinhuan was waving at Su Liang at first, but when he turned around, the baby-faced young man stopped in his tracks and looked at Su Liang several times with his eyes wide open.

“Yinhuan?”

Su Liang became even more nervous.

Then, he heard the young Viper in front of him let out a long sigh as if suddenly enlightened. “I get it now, I really get it now!” 1VRGIL

Xue Yinhuan suddenly sniffled, staring into Su Liang’s eyes with stars in his own eyes. “Xiao Liang, I’m really grateful to you.”

Su Liang: “?”

Xue Yinhuan: “No wonder the boss gave me such a gentle second beating that day…”

Su Liang became more and more confused. qK9UfO

Xue Yinhuan felt that he had been enlightened, and his desire to confide was immense. He wanted to confide all of his enlightenment , but the place where he was beaten by Lu Taipan before still hurts, and Xue Yinhuan could only hold back.

Of course, while joking with Su Liang on the surface, he spoke crazily in the group chat with great excitement.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

[555, I found out, I’m human, the boss is human too.]

[But there’s a reason why boss is so strong and I’m so weak.] pnkQy1

[I don’t have a pretty little beauty.]

As soon as ‘beauty’ was mentioned, the chats in the group became a little heated.

[xue yinhuan shut up, it’s really shameless to pretend to be weak every day.]

[Hehe, is someone really ignorant as to why they’re unpopular? Last time you beat me, my ribs are still not healed. Shit, I have to go for a second treatment today.] 2Nc4fs

[I think what you lack is not a beauty, but a conscience.]

[and iq…]

[hey, also face.]

[However, speaking of beauties, I suddenly want to say….] 7HT aw

[hehehe, the one at the medical center, right.]

[What medical center? There’s beauties in the medical center?]

[The people who are injured today really are blessed. When I was in the medical cabin, I was still gasping for breath, and as I raised my eyes… wow, it’s really…my wound doesn’t hurt anymore!]

[It should be the analgesic capsule you took that worked, right? That thing should be eaten in advance. Actually, speaking of it, if you want to say beauty, then it should be the one that appeared with our boss before. I didn’t dare look when I was on the mission, but I thought he was really beautiful. As expected of our boss’s people.] Tb4r O

[That’s right, he is our boss’s person.]

Seeing that the topic began to turn into an envious topic, full of jealousy and hatred, about ‘the boss having good eyesight and deserved to have a beautiful wife’.

Xue Yinhuan quickly took the opportunity to add on.

[If I have a young and beautiful spiritual conditioner like Su Liang, I can become very strong!] bzfCpE

“Cough, cough.”

Steward, who had been watching both online and offline behavior, coughed lightly twice to remind Xue Yinhuan.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“Xue Yinhuan, master has arrived.”

Xue Yinhuan froze. He had just mentioned Lu Taipan in the group chat, but suddenly the real person was behind him. It was really bad. VKORq6

He turned around in horror, just in time to see the Snake Den’s lord striding towards the entrance.

The moment the slender, pith-black and stern figure appeared, the bustling medical center became much quieter in an instant. Only the Snake Lord himself turned a deaf ear to everything around him, as indifferent as usual.

“Bo, boss, why are you here?”

Shouldn’t this workaholic man procrastinate until his deadline after all of his preparatory procedures have been completed? dJnfo6

But it’s clearly not his deadline yet.

Xue Yinhuan stopped breathing for a moment, and greeted Lu Taipan.

Although it was very clear that Lu Taipan had always ignored the group chat where the Vipers chatted and complained about each other’s actions, the moment he saw Lu Taipan, Xue Yinhuan’s legs suddenly became weak. He felt that if Lu Taipan really read what he sent earlier, he would probably die a miserable death.

In the end, Lu Taipan just glanced at him coldly, and didn’t pay him much attention. DjGle0

Afterwards, the man fixed his gaze on the young man beside him.

“Su Liang….”

After a very brief moment of stagnation, the Snake Den’s Lord spoke softly.

“My Lord.” 1bNldx

At that moment, Su Liang always felt that Lu Taipan’s eyes on him seemed to have substance.

Very hot.

With just a glance, Su Liang subconsciously tensed up.

Was it because he didn’t wear the uniform correctly? KwJPED

Or was there something else wrong…

Su Liang nervously lowered his head to check himself – everything seemed normal.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

And when he raised his head again, the intense feeling of invisible fingers slowly gliding across his skin had disappeared. It was almost as if it was a hallucination caused by excessive anxiety.

“Take it easy.” BzYV2R

He suddenly heard Lu Taipan whispering.

…. It turned out to be such a comforting sound.

Then, Lu Taipan spoke to Xue Yinhuan and Steward calmly. “I’ll take him to the conditioning chamber, you can go about your activities during non-mission hours.”

Afterwards, he raised his hand and placed it on SU Liang’s back, leading the boy towards the other side of the medical center. dU69Km

Seeing his boss leading Su Liang away, Xue Yinhuan looked bewildered.

“Wait, isn’t it my free time now?”

He confirmed to Steward in confusion.

Steward, who had just changed into a new android body and was therefore extremely silent today, smiled at Xue Yinhuan. “Well….” AJQ5Lu

Xue Yinhuan stared at Lu Taipan and Su Liang’s backs for a while.

The man was tall, while the boy was slender.

When the two walked together, they seemed to match, as if they were born to be together.

After a while, Xue Yinhuan clicked on the group chat, and really wanted to talk to his teammates about the special feeling that was constantly surging in his chest at this moment. jf zik

Obviously nothing happened, but for some reason, he just felt a little stuffy.

It was like the feeling of being too full after breakfast.

As a result, he opened his personal terminal in one tap, and the first thing that popped up was the mission log.

The originally extremely noisy group chat was silent at this time, and the last message was his joke; [If I have a young and beautiful spiritual conditioner like Su Liang, I can become very strong!]. LNVIip

But immediately after that, there was a special id.

Snake Si: that’s right, very beautiful.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com



* * *



tn: very beautiful (!!! next chapter: su liang bb… strips for uncle????

MZVceQ





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 46


The spiritual conditioning chamber was silent, save for the extremely quiet beeps from the cold analytical instruments,

Here, just like most of the rooms in the Snake Den, had a cold and stern style. There was a hemispherical object on the curved dome, from which many white conductive cables and spiritual restraining guide rails hung down. It was a special device that will be used to transmit the spiritual power and restrain it within a controllable range. The circular metal platform under the dome was very simple as well. There were only two oblong transparent tanks set up in parallel on it. Each tank was filled with a translucent milky white liquid, and it was an exclusive isolation tank that can be used to isolate the damage from the spiritual power. 9mtgd3

In the process of spiritual power conditioning, accidents occasionally happen, and these liquids can prevent the spiritual power from directly contacting both the adjuster and the conditioned person to avoid the worst situation from happening.

Similarly, in order to avoid stimulating the personnel who are undergoing spiritual conditioning, there is no third party in all the spiritual conditioning rooms, and there was only AI assistance in the smooth progress of conditioning.



Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Lu Taipan walked into the spiritual conditioning chamber first, while Su Liang stood at the door for a while, then took a deep breath and walked in.

The boy was very nervous. od1D4Z

Lu Taipan could easily sense this, so he subconsciously acted calmer and gentler. He came to the isolation tank and set all the parameters.



“Once the parameters are set, we’re ready to go.”

Then, he turned around and said to Su Liang, with an indifferent and stern expression.

“Oh,o, okay!”

09R4Uv

Su Liang stammered in response.

Then, Lu Taipan was caught off guard and saw the young man take off the coat he was wearing.

The white uniform perfectly outlined the thin figure of the young man. Although he was very slender, the thin muscles of the young man can still be seen clearly.



His waist was very thin and strong. LDRlu0

It was indeed similar to what he had dreamt in his bad dreams, as if one hand can grasp it completely.

Then, there were his extremely slender and firm legs, reminiscent of a sensitive and cunning deer in the forest.

However, probably because of the contrast between his thin waist and long legs, a certain part of the boy’s body looks extra plump and…. Round.

The man, who has always been calm and self-sufficient, as if even his brain nerves were made out of cold metal, the moment he saw Su Liang’s back, his pupils suddenly constricted. wE7AP5

What’s worse was that a certain young beta who was too unguarded didn’t notice the impact his back had on the man at all. At this moment, with his back facing Lu Taipan, he leaned over slightly clumsily, and carefully adjusted the value of the isolation tank.

Accompanied by his operation, the door of the room slammed shut and locked itself, the originally extremely bright lights gradually dimmed.

This dark and quiet environment can greatly relieve the mental tension of the two parties that were in the midst of spiritual conditioning, thereby reducing the rejection and stress of each other’s spiritual power.

But when the lights dimmed, that boy became even more conspicuous in Lu Taipan’s vision. LdNYyk

Every inch of white was reminiscent of a trembling, creamy ball that oozes milk when you squeeze it lightly, or even…

Lu Taipan’s throat rolled slightly, and he forced himself to look away with great difficulty.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“My side is fine too. My Lord, should we start?”

After adjusting the parameters, Su Liang turned his head and reported to the man behind him. d85WNb

“…..Yes.”

It seemed that after a long pause, the Snake Den’s Lord responded softly, his voice slightly hoarse.

Su Liang subconsciously fixed his eyes on Lu Taipan’s Adam’s apple. The man has a well-developed physique, and his Adam’s apple was also very prominent. At this moment, that Adam’s apple was moving up and down.

It was as if this cold, gloomy and powerful man was enduring some kind of ravenous hunger and thirst. vpimMr

This thought flashed through Su Liang’s mind, and then disappeared without a trace.

Regarding the upcoming spiritual conditioning, Su Liang was actually so nervous that he can’t focus on other things at all.



In the ancient past, there was no such thing as spiritual conditioning. MHig2s

Because the people who can sort out an alpha’s spiritual sea were always their bonded omega.

And the so-called spiritual conditioning did not require so many instruments and complicated operations. The best, and also most primitive method is to accomplish this in the naturally occurring intense periods.

The compatibility between an omega and alpha was precisely for this reason.

It was just that with the advancement of science and technology, as well as humankind’s innovation, even an unlucky alpha who couldn’t find a highly compatible omega could also enjoy the benefits of spiritual conditioning through this instrument. FsZjzw



However, since the two are brought into extremely close spiritual contact through unnatural means, of course there will be corresponding risks.

If either of the two are tense or has negative emotions towards one another, once the instrument is activated, the subtlest of emotions in the spiritual power will be amplified and could cause harm to each other.

Of course, under normal circumstances, only the spiritual conditioners will be harmed. This was due to the fact that a beta’s and an omega’s spiritual power would be significantly lower than an alpha’s, as well as the alpha’s violent and uncontrollable energy itself, which has an extremely powerful suppression effect on the average spiritual power. 0hp12B





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


No one worried about Su Liang and Lu Taipan’s spiritual compatibility. Their adaptability towards each other was astonishingly high.

Snfc rb, atfs ralii cffvfv ab yf mbccfmafv klat atf fdelqwfca’r tfiq yfobgf atfs mjc qgbmffv klat atf rqlglaeji mbcvlalbclcu rjofis – joafg jii, Ve Oljcu lr j yfaj. Gfrqlaf tlr rqlglaeji ragfcuat yflcu mbcrlvfgfv ragbcu obg j yfaj, la kjr ralii ojg yfibk atf wbcragber ifnfi bo Oe Kjlqjc’r. Megatfgwbgf, lo atfgf kjr jc jmmlvfca, atf wbra ilxfis gfreia kbeiv yf j gfqfja bo ktja tjqqfcfv lc atf wfmtj atja vjs; Ve Oljcu’r rqlglaeji qbkfg yflcu mbwqifafis bnfgvgjkc, ifjvlcu ab tlw cffvlcu ibcu-afgw gfra.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“…Don’t worry too much. You were unprepared, but was still able to instinctively suppress an alpha of master’s level! You’re really a genius!”

Steward’s voice seemed to ring in his ears again, somewhat providing Su Liang with some confidence. XZ9otS

He took a deep breath, and slowly laid down in the isolated tank.

“Please carry out the spiritual conditioning procedure.”

He spoke to the air.

[Affirmative. The Spiritual Conditioning procedure is in place.] D9cOnu

The electronic sound of the AI in the conditioning chamber sounds far more mechanical than Steward’s, but it was still efficient. The moment the electronic sound ended, countless thin wires hung down from the semicircle in midair, and stuck themselves to Su Liang’s forehead as well as the predetermined nodes on the uniform.

At the same time, the same thing happened to Lu Taipan in the other tank. However, the cables did not hang down, but protruded from the bottom of the isolation tank, and directly pierced into Lu Taipan’s metal spine.

Lying in the isolated tank feels slightly strange.

The liquid was slightly viscous, giving a strong sense of weightlessness. xvdX4d

After a while, Su Liang could already feel a faint trembling like electric current flowing through his body, and his mind became a little dazed because of it.

Then, his body seemed to gradually fade away from the real world, and he felt some more vivid and strange sensations occupying his senses.

The instrument is working.

Su Liang could feel his spiritual power slowly protruding from the depths of his body. ykL3CT

It is completely different from the spiritual power that belongs to Lu Taipan that he has perceived before.

Lu Taipan’s spiritual power was extremely powerful, brutal, and tough, like an enraged and extraordinarily bloodthirsty giant snake. However, Su Liang’s spiritual power was extremely thin and slender.

Su Liang trembled, manipulating his spiritual power to explore the darkness. In the trance, the actual space of the spiritual conditioning chamber has become chaotic and blurred, turning into a boundless empty world.

The young beta almost lost his bearings, but… he quickly found his ‘target’. MInXVu

A group of surging, extremely powerful spiritual power was entrenched in the depths of darkness.

At the moment when he detected that trace of spiritual power, Su Liang instinctively felt a slight timidity, but his spiritual power was much more active than himself. Due to the instrument’s stimulation and induction, his spiritual power would indeed be much more ‘active’ than usual.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Su Liang tried to comfort himself, but as soon as his spiritual power came out of his body, he involuntarily meandered towards Lu Taipan’s spiritual power.

What he should do next is to use his own spiritual power to engage Lu Taipan – his spiritual power was specially extracted by the instrument, and the strength of it was just enough for Su Liang to control and digest. SAazrf

When Su Liang wraps that power with his own, today’s spiritual conditioning can almost be completed.

However, before Su Liang could find those spiritual powers according to the plan, a strong sense of oppression rushed to him ahead of time.

It was Lu Taipan.

The weak and thin spiritual power was suddenly entangled by countless giant pythons without putting up a defense. 5yXdrg

Not to mention controlling this power, Su Liang even felt that his spiritual power could even be swallowed up by those spiritual snakes at any time. Fortunately, such a bad situation did not happen, but the actual situation was not much better.

It was almost like a slither of snakes in the middle of its breeding season – everything was out of control.

Su Liang felt that his spiritual power was completely entangled within the alpha’s countless strands.

Being squeezed, entangled, and constantly demanded for. pW2jcT

“Wu….”

Not right! Something wasn’t right!

He soon noticed something.

According to Lu Taipan’s current state of mind, his spiritual power should never be so violent, greedy and unrestrained. x85zFg

The instrument should have only extracted a very small part of Lu Taipan’s spiritual power, but now Su Liang seems to be trapped by Lu Taipan in his rampage once more.

He instinctively felt the danger, and then he decisively terminated the action of spiritual conditioning, just wanting to draw away his spiritual power and quickly terminate the procedure.

But he failed.

Su Liang struggled harder. J4in7e

Because he found that even with the isolation of the tank and a series of special isolation measures, the huge stimulation from the alpha’s spiritual power was still directly transmitted to his body.

So heavy……

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Can’t breathe…

It seems that something is constantly swimming under his clothes. xwRbdr

In just a short moment, Su Liang could clearly feel his heart beating faster, and he could faintly hear the sound of an alarm.

[The alpha’s mental stability value has exceeded the critical range, please deal with it in time. 】

[The concentration of alpha pheromone exceeds the standard amount, may the personnel please adjust it to deal with it in time. 】

[Warning, the alpha’s spiritual power is too high. 】 gCL Hm

“Su Liang… there is a problem…”

The dazed mind, almost stuck in the spiritual world, returned to reality gradually with the man’s deep and familiar call.

Su Liang struggled to raise his hand, put it on the edge of the isolated tank, and then sat up from the tank with great difficulty.

“Cough, cough, cough…” 5WoU u

Su Liang opened his eyes, managed to focus successfully, and looked across from him.

In the dim light, Lu Taipan had already sat up.

Although both of them have regained consciousness now, Lu Taipan’s face is still extremely solemn. His face was extremely pale, but there was a bright red in the corner of his eyes.

The violent spiritual power filled the entire conditioning room, and the screams of the sirens were so ear-piercing that Su Liang almost fainted. sH3eba

“Mr. Si, I seem to have messed up…”

Su Liang said with a livid face.

Lu Taipan’s spiritual strength is obviously out of control. On the data screen, his mental stability value has reached an extremely dangerous range.

“The problem is not you.” KVlpHr

Lu Taipan responded, unusually cold.

With his spiritual power out of control, his body was very hot, but his consciousness was clearer than ever.

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“Someone has modified the parameters of the spirit extraction device.” He said.

The Snake Den’s Master quickly noticed the problem. E1s2la

The instrument should have only extracted a very small portion of his “polluted” spiritual power, but now almost all the spiritual power in his body has been mobilized, and under the stimulation of the device, his spiritual power has been aroused at a frighteningly high rate.

Su Liang was originally a beta. Despite having differentiated and matured, his spiritual value had always been low. The parameters adjusted before were just enough for him to deal with Lu Taipan’s overflowing spiritual power, but now with Lu Taipan’s continuous active and surging spiritual power, he simply couldn’t handle it.

If this situation persists, Lu Taipan wouldn’t have any problems, but Su Liang was more likely to be completely exhausted because of Lu Taipan’s vastly higher spiritual power. He had suffered frequent spiritual exhaustion when he was early in differentiation, so there was a great possibility that his spiritual value will remain low in the future, or even continue dropping.

Lu Taipan did not want to think about it. Without any hesitation, the man reached straight to the spiritual power transmission device on the back of his neck. EOTRQc

He intended to forcibly exit the program, despite knowing very well that breaking the link directly like this may cause the overflowing spiritual power to instantly counterattack.

And he will also…

“I can handle it! Mr Si, don’t move!”

Lu Taipan heard Su Liang’s shout. dDc4MU

Su Liang’s voice trembled because of his restricted spiritual power, but his tone was calm.

The Snake Lord, who had always been arbitrary, did not know why he suddenly stopped all his actions the moment he heard the boy’s voice.

“Forcibly breaking the link will cause spiritual recoil.”

It was obvious that Lu Taipan’s movements were small, but Su liang was inexplicably aware of all the other’s plans. SpmKjq

“If you go on a rampage again because of your spiritual power, Xue Yinhuan and Steward will have a headache, right?”

Su Liang spoke to the man with some difficulty.

Lu Taipan stared straight at the beta beside him – obviously, he was about to be completely engulfed by his berserk spiritual power, yet the young man could still forcibly raise the corners of his mouth and give him a light smile.

The moment he saw that smile, Lu Taipan felt that his body was a little out of control. 5M8fha

His heart beat fast.

But on the other hand, the situation is really bad. After all, Su Liang is not wrong. If he really loses control, no one will be able to stop him now.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

“The problem is not very big, I can solve it.”

Su Liang glanced palely at Lu Taipan’s deteriorating mental stability. Obviously the situation is so bad, but the boy’s eyes are very calm. Tlfd5F

Indistinctly, there are some similarities with Lu Taipan.

“Your spiritual power will probably be slightly out of control later, but I know that Mr Si can control them. It will only take a short while, I can solve the current trouble.”

Su Liang said.

And in the next moment, the always calm master of the Snake Den widened his eyes in horror because of Su Liang’s next action. oNXaP2

With his spiritual power still out of control, Su Liang actually climbed out of the tank that could help insulate the damage caused by it. Not only that, he also rudely tore off the patches that isolated the impact of his spiritual power from behind him.

And in that moment, the Su Liang in the spiritual world and the him in the real world, became something extremely vivid. Lu Taipan could feel his spiritual power completely surging at that moment, like a male snake, eager to reproduce in the spring of its life, pouncing towards the female snake that had just emerged from its den without any hesitation.

His chaotic instinct was just about to overwhelm the Snake Den’s Lord’s control.

But in the end… MQwdKD

The surging spiritual power stopped its too presumptuous movements.

Lu Taipan’s figure flickered, and with a muffled grunt, a speckle of bright red blood appeared on the corners of his lips.

Su Liang’s face was as pale as a ghost at this moment. Even if Lu Taipan did barely control his spiritual power, the shock Su Liang received was still enough to make him faint.

But that was where the miracle lies. Su Liang did not faint. On the contrary, the staggered directly to Lu Taipan’s water tank. Then, under the Snake Lord’s watch, the boy stumbled straight into Lu Taipan’s tank. QZjKEI

The milky white liquid splashed in all directions in an instant.

Su Liang trembled slightly, and straddled Lu Taipan’s waist with difficulty.

Despite his complexion being very ugly due to the heavy pressure of spiritual strength, when Su Liang realized what he had done, his cheeks were stained with a light blush.

He blinked, his eyelashes drooping, not daring to meet the man below him. nNHuJd

“I’m sorry–”

There was no time to be coy and shy. Soon Su Liang took a deep breath and stabilized his figure. Then he tried to stay calm and said softly to the tall man under him.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“I may offend you with what I’ll do, but I’ll definitely take responsibility.”

As he spoke, the boy reached for his clothes. 7j8dh1

With trembling fingertips, the straps on his uniform were untied.

Then, the buttons.

The zipper was pulled down slowly, the extremely elastic fabric suddenly shrinking and slipping off Su Liang’s shoulders.

The boy’s slightly thin chest was exposed. HmZ48b

It was shiny, smooth, and as white as cream.

Under the influence of the instrument, Lu Taipan;s spiritual power had already became semi-tangible.

He was very aware of the physical and mental pressure the young man was under. Because, he could even clearly see on that extremely fair and soft skin, something had slithered faintly, the ever changing marks reddish.

“I am really sorry.” uC9PdF

While undressing, Su Liang kept muttering and repeating.

Without any protection, constantly fighting against an SS-leveled alpha’s spiritual strength, he was almost at his limit, his eyes slightly slack.

And looking at Su Liang’s actions, Lu Taipan had vaguely guessed what he wanted to do.

The man’s breathing became rapid and his heartbeat became extremely fast. He subconsciously raised his hand, but was restrained instinctively by the vigilant teenager. UMtwsR

“Mr Si, please…”

“I really don’t want to offend you, but you have to listen.”

Su Liang spoke in a daze.

“You have to calm down, so I can bear it.” hr9XeN

While speaking, the boy’s hand tremblingly landed on Lu Taipan’s neckline.



Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com



* * *



tn: 3 guesses as to who tampered with the instrument?

next chapter: BgT650

“I like it when you call me Mr Si.”

“Of course, if you prefer to, you can also call me Ah’Si.”





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 47


Su Liang took off Lu Taipan’s clothes, one by one.

The Snake Lord’s body was stronger and firmer than it looked like with clothes on. Su Liang didn’t even dare to look directly at the other party’s chest so as to not disturb his own mind. jyFxOs

“I’m sorry.”

He repeated this, took a deep breath, and covered his body using his own.



Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Perhaps it was because of his spiritual power being siphoned, or any other reason, every inch of Lu Taipan was searing to the touch – the kind of heat that seemed to be corrosive, continuously permeating into Su Liang’s body through their skin-on-skin contact.

Soon, Su Liang’s body was painted with an ambiguous pink colour. BZA7kj

Mr Si… It feels like steel wrapped with thick velvet.



This thought flashed through Su Liang’s mind.

And almost simultaneously,he heard the suppressed intake of breath.

He raised his head subconsciously and met Lu Taipan’s eyes. The other party was looking at him, a dangerous light shining deep within his dark pupils.

N2vm48

The moment Su Liang met that gaze, he felt a pinch on the back of his neck.

“Don’t worry, continue.”

Lu Taipan spoke hoarsely, as if comforting Su Liang.



“Oh, okay–” u83IDr

Su Liang quickly responded.

“I have studied the theory of spiritual conditioning before. The uniform and isolation fluids on our bodies, and even most of the spiritual transmission catheters are actually protective measures to prevent our spiritual power from getting out of control.”

Su Liang took a deep breath, trying to relax his body so that he and Lu Taipan could get closer.

“However, I think that these countermeasures are futile for an alpha like you. But for me, these protective measures will restrict my perception and make it more difficult for me to transmit my already low spiritual power. Like this, your spiritual power awakening rate is too high, mine is restricted, and our situation will only get worse…” k2ZOu4

At this moment, Su Liang appeared to be particularly chatty. He kept talking, as if this could alleviate the shame and embarrassment that filled his body. To be exact, it was actually neither shame or embarrassment, but another, more subtle emotion.

“So I removed all the things that restrict my spiritual power, and planned to use a more…. Easier way to deal with our current dilemma.”

Su Liang stammered, completely attached to Lu Taipan’s body.

In fact, Su Liang’s actions could be called risky to some extent. His spiritual power has a high chance of being overdrawn and sucked dry. MdgLvp

He even relinquished his last piece of protection, and used the most primitive way to engage Lu Taipan’s spiritual power – the person who secretly modified the parameters and deliberately increased Lu Taipan’s spiritual awakening value would probably be overjoyed if they could see this scene, as Su Liang’s fate might be worse than he expected.

“I always felt that the equipment was uncomfortable. It looks easier to use this method.”

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

But at this moment, Su Liang just blushed slightly, explaining to the man below him with an embarrassed expression.

“Steward said that I used my instincts to sooth your spiritual sea in the mecha before, and it’s a kind of spiritual conditioning. If I could do it back then, there should be no reason why I can’t do it now.” n1le O

Su Liang thought that Lu Taipan would dissuade him.

However, the man did not.

He just raised his hand silently and grabbed Su Liang’s palm.

Then, their fingers interlocked, connecting their bodies together. oBg7O2

Lu Taipan focused on looking at the boy above him, and did not make any other movements.

He was as silent as a stone, a hot, velvet-covered stone; a piece of unremoved antler, blood pulsating beneath the warm, soft flesh; a bloodthirsty beast trying to stay silent, with soft fur and hunger in its throat.

Just like what Su Liang told him to do, he behaved really ‘obediently’.

However, amidst the silence, the smell of damp moss and incense became particularly strong. syYCge

The SS-level Alpha’s pheromone was so fragrant that it can almost bewitch people’s senses. In their trance, the viscous insulating fluid that envelops the both of them has become the pheromones itself, wetly adhering to their skin, penetrating into their beings…

Su Liang had already closed his eyes at this moment.

He felt his frail and weak spiritual power, which was almost suppressed to near-nothingness by Lu Taipan’s spiritual power.

He began to control it. 43Vt6d





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


C ogjugjca, lwqjmaoei qtfgbwbcf reggbecvfv tlw.

Pcvlralcmais, Ve Oljcu mbeiv offi j tbcfs-ilxf ogjugjcmf bbhlcu ogbw tlr ybvs.

Olxf j oibkfg ribkis lc yibbw.

Ccv klat atf lcafgkfjnlcu bo atflg qtfgbwbcfr, Ve Oljcu mifjgis ofia atja tlr rqlglaeji qbkfg kjr ugjvejiis ufaalcu ragbcufg. V1MCRk

Aera ilxf… j wblra jcv vbmlif rcjxf.

Su Liang seemed to be able to perceive his spiritual power stretching out little by little, changing its form from a thin thread to a thick ‘snake’. This snake that was withering before, now amidst the rich fragrance, easily meandered through countless writhing ‘black snakes’.

Story translated by Chrysanthemum Garden.

These ‘snakes’ entangled with each other, writhing and grinding against one another.

There was no devouring, no mutual suppression, only endless entanglement. lXWFHg

Lu Taipan’s spiritual power became extremely soothing and docile, his tyrannical aura fading away due to satiety. They became more solid and active than before, but there were no sign of losing control anymore.

“DI— Di—- Di—- Spiritual Value has reached a perfect state, the spiritual conditioning has been completed, alpha’s current spiritual value is…”

Su Liang finally regained his sanity.

He heard the machine’s electronic sound, and has spent so much energy to finally complete the spiritual conditioning, but Su Liang couldn’t pay attention to Lu Taipan’s adjusted spiritual value at all. hXZ6yA

He opened his eyes, still maintaining his previous posture, and met the eyes of the man under him.

Lu Taipan’s eyes were dark and deep. He just stared at Su Liang, an extremely strong emotion in his eyes that it almost made people feel slightly shaken.

Ba-dump–

Ba-dump– O8cDyE

Ba-dump–

Su Liang heard the sound of his heart beating.

He originally thought that the slight tremor coming from his chest was caused by his uncontrollable heartbeat. But soon, he discovered that the strong clamor was clearly coming from the extremely strong and powerful body under him.

“Lord Patriarch…” eU4jKr

Su Liang couldn’t help but mutter.

“I like it when you call me Mr Si.”



Lu Taipan suddenly spoke to Su Liang in a hoarse voice. AQCFN9

“Of course, if you want, you can also call me Ah’Si.”



Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com



* * *



When the Leiyan youth appeared in the medical center, his colleagues widened their eyes in surprise.

“Bai Nian? Why are you here? Didn’t you take a break today?” 7DAtT6

“You are too diligent, I’ve seen you leave in the early morning several times before. Working overtime so late isn’t good for your health…”

Another colleague also spoke casually.

Hearing what the colleague behind him said, Bai Nian’s face froze slightly, but he soon returned to his normal expression.

“I’m just a little worried, so I came here to check. It’s the first time the snake lord has received spiritual conditioning, and the spiritual conditioner is also a beta. I’m really worried.” MnbuFY



Bai Nian spoke a little coldly.

“Wow, you still care about this?” The colleague couldn’t help but give him a sympathetic look.

It was said that Lu Taipan was receiving spiritual conditioning for the first time that day, but the truth was that Lu Taipan had tried several treatment plans similar to spiritual conditioning, and the healer was the young Leiyan man in front of him. aOl7kE

It was a pity that the Leiyans who were so adept at mental healing were still helpless against a SS-level Alpha’s overpowering mental power.

“Don’t worry, didn’t you personally participate in the debugging of the spiritual conditioning device? Although young master Su liang said that his spiritual value was not high currently, he has a high compatibility with the Snake Lord. There should be no problem with the spiritual conditioning device’s minimum extraction amount. Moreover, young master Su Liang shouldn’t be considered a beta…”

“What do you mean?”

gvLkzD

Bai Nian raised his head abruptly, staring straight at that colleague.

That kind of gaze was so fierce that his colleague stopped for a few seconds, before continuing. “We retested young master Su liang’s data. His stats aren’t the same as a standard beta’s, his pheromones are too… um, how should I put it, it even responds to other alphas and omegas. The specific results have not yet come out, but we are already readjusting the equipment and planning to redo the test.”

“……”

No matter how hard he tried to cover it up, Bai Nian’s face became slightly gloomy. tIHDY

Facing Bai Nian, who was like this, his colleague felt uncomfortable too. He probably knew that Bai Nian did not actually like that boy called Su Liang very much. Just at this moment, the results of spiritual conditioning suddenly popped up on the terminal, and his colleague quickly took the opportunity to run over to investigate and escape from this conversation.

Just when he saw the results that popped up on the terminal, he jumped up from his seat in surprise.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“It’s great! Oh my god!! Look at this result!!”

He called out to his other colleagues. QEWFsV



“As expected of two people with a high compatibility degree! You guys probably wouldn’t believe that this is the Snake Lord’s spiritual power! My god, it doesn’t matter if young master Su Liang is a beta or not, I’ll accept it, even if it’s a high-level omega it would still be impossible to achieve this… the Snake lord may really be saved!”

After he finished speaking, the colleague turned his head and found that Bai Nian had already stood behind him at some point.

“Ah, Bai Nian… Are you okay?” tSlrqb

The colleague was almost frightened by the ghostly young Leiyan.

“Well. you see, aren’t the results pretty good? From now on, you don’t have to worry about the patriarch’s illness anymore.”



The colleague spoke awkwardly. 4C1Kgw



Bai Nian ignored him, and the young man just stared at the perfect value on the screen. After a few seconds, his face paled, and he turned around and rushed out of the laboratory.

“Bai Nian? Bai Nian?!”

The colleague looked at the leaving Leiyan’s back, feeling frightened and dazed. iA F6I

“How did he run so fast? What’s wrong?”

“Maybe it’s because he knows that the Snake Lord’s spiritual disorder can be cured, so he’s overjoyed?” The newcomer on the side was also frightened by bai Nian, and at this time he spoke hoarsely to smooth things over.



In the end, he was interrupted by another old medical officer. “Pfft, how could he be happy. Just ignore him. For so many years, as long as someone else has made a medical plan that can cure the Snake Lord, he will always look like this. As if he was the only one in the whole world who can cure the Snake Lord, and everyone else is trying to kill him… tsk.” Px7EAd

At this time, Bai Nian, who had already rushed out of the medical center, was running wildly.

Of course he couldn’t be happy.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

In fact, at this moment, he only had endless panic in his heart.

“How can it be……” lvTWq4

Bai Nian was so tired from running that he even felt like retching.

He kept talking to himself.

“It’s impossible for that beta to survive! No, could it be that I’m too careful so the effect isn’t great?”

“During this time, that guy’s mental strength has been rising. It may be that my estimation is wrong.” U9pVf8

Bai Nian didn’t understand why Lu Taipan and Su Liang’s spiritual conditioning could be successfully completed this time.

He suspected that Su Liang’s spiritual power had skyrocketed, and it turned out that he just adapted to the parameters after he adjusted it.

…Or, long before the treatment started, the Snake Lord had already discovered his little tricks?

No, it’s impossible. Xm7tZl



Bai Nian bit his nails nervously.

He kept thinking about the things he did a few days ago. As one of the research and development personnel of that instrument, he knows the principle of that spiritual conditioning instrument better than anyone else. Ordinary inspections will not find out what he had done, after all, he adjusted it very covertly.

It will not leave any traces. cvEzB

Everything will be like an accident.

Well, even if someone really found something wrong, it would be nothing more than a slight mental breakdown.

Bai Nian even thought up an excuse: he thought that Su Liang, who had such a high degree of compatibility with Lu Taipan, could withstand this intensity. As Lu Taipan’s medical officer, he only fine-tuned the parameters of spiritual power arousal for better curative effect. …

Bai Nian kept repeating these words in his heart. pAS0yi

The breathing gradually became calmer.

The panic gradually faded away.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“There will be no problem.”

50AkY3

He said to himself.

However, just as he straightened up and was about to return to his office—

“Medical Officer Bai Nian.”

He heard someone calling him. Gj82lR

Bai Nian stopped suddenly, and he stared fixedly at the front of himself: the winding path leading to the Snake Den Medical Center where he had lived and worked for many years.

After a long time, he turned his head little by little.

He saw the Vipers very clearly. They were different from the Vipers he had treated. These Vipers would not whine or yell in pain, nor would they smile at him.

S9tMAO

He once mocked coldly in his heart that these Vipers were too weak, noisy, and out of shape.

But it wasn’t until now that he discovered that it wasn’t that those Vipers were really weak, but that they had never shown their appearance in front of him when they were on a mission.

The Vipers in the mission, in fact, everyone is the same as the Snake Lord… cold, chilling, and ruthless.

……terrifying. DgVRW8

“You are suspected of betraying the Snake Den and attempting to harm Snake Den personnel.”

“Please come with us.”



They said. lwBMVx

All of his excuses, all of his explanations shattered at this moment.

Bai Nian looked around with a miserable smile, his body trembling.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

“I didn’t.”

He murmured. uxiVLz

“How could I betray you.”

He repeated it.

[It’s just a weak and incompetent beta. How could he be considered a member of the Snake Den?]



* * *



tn: i’m super sorry for the sudden absence :((( here’s a mini life update: during the span of my absence, i got rejected, i got diagnosed with glaucoma in one eye (it’s all better now), i got super into batman for a while, and now i’m trying to take electives but the university website is error-ing so hard…. anyways, uni is starting so hopefully i can still update like 2-3 times a week :((( Xl dpc





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 48


What Bai Nian did was indeed well-hidden, but this was the Snake Den.

Lu Taipan launched the investigation procedure immediately after safely finishing the Spiritual Conditioning session, and Steward found him with nearly no effort. QJyqRk

“You are the number one trusted Snake Den member on the list, and yet you betrayed us.”

In the cell, Steward spoke to the extremely haggard young man in front of him in an exceptionally calm tone.



Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Considering Bai Nian’s past work contributions in the Snake Den, and his serious betrayal this time, Bai Nian will likely be immediately sent to the most remote alien galaxy for three years of controlled labor, and then will be revoked of all privileges and be removed completely from the Snake Den.

In addition, in his lifetime, he will never set foot in the Earth Alliance’s territory. glTKA2

“…If it is a neutral area, the range controlled by the Earth Alliance or the Snake Den will also be restricted to you.”



Steward pronounced the verdict, word by word, to the young Leiyan in front of him.

“It’s not fair….”

Bai Nian was panting heavily, his eyes were bloodshot.

dC4npV

His voice was a little vague because of the way he gnashed his teeth.

“I admit that I really shouldn’t have tampered with the equipment. It’s against professional ethics.” He kept repeating the whisper that he had said countless times these days. “But, I’m not guilty of that! I didn’t even mean to hurt the beta, I just caused a little trouble. Because of such a trivial matter, should I be exiled? How could you do this to me?! No, No, this must not be the decision that the Snake Lord made himself. It’s impossible for him to treat me so harshly when he sacrificed his life to save me. What’s more, in the entire Snake Den, no one is more loyal to him than me. He knew that, he always has ….”

When he first heard about the punishment entailing restricted labor and the cancellation of his privilege, Bai Nian could still maintain his most basic decency. However, when he heard that he was exiled from the Snake Den and would never be allowed to step into the territory of the Earth Alliance, even the Leiyan’s pupils trembled.



In the end, he couldn’t help clenching his fist directly, and punched the completely sealed alloy ground with force. zA6GNb

Cold sweat dripped down the corners of his forehead to the ground.

“Deportee Bai Nian, please remain calm. Otherwise, coercive measures will be used to bring you back to your senses.”

Steward kept on his silicone face and spoke to Bai Nian calmly.

It was a pity that his reminder did not bring Bai Nian back to his senses, but made him more agitated. N3Ia2U

In Bai Nian’s plan, things shouldn’t turn out like this.

He deliberately made it very secretive. It was just a very small adjustment.

If it was the outside world, no one would know which parameter was it that caused the accident. The person who told him this method had also assured him of this.

It was concealed and does little harm, but it was extremely effective. f5OR8g

That person swore so.

Bai Nian always felt that even if what he did was discovered, at most he would be sentenced to familial service or controlled labor in an alien system.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

However….

“How could I be exiled from the Snake Den… I can’t be exiled… I absolutely can’t….” buGyWj

Bai Nian’s eyes became redder and redder, and his voice became sharper.

“Why do you treat me like this? How can you treat me like this! It’s not fair! It’s not fair at all!”

Tears of despair slowly fell down the corner of Bai Nian’s eyes.

Then, he heard a voice. rkYe1K





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


“Cmmbgvlcu ab atf Vcjxf Gfc’r gfueijalbcr, jii atf qeclrtwfcar sbe tjnf gfmflnfv jgf lc ilcf klat atf rajcvjgvr.”

“Vcjxf Obgv?”

Djl Rljc revvfcis gjlrfv tlr nblmf. Lf rajgfv ragjluta ja atf ajii wjc rafqqlcu lc ogbw bearlvf atf tfjnlis uejgvfv ujaf, jcv lcrajcais yfmjwf fzmlafv.

Lf kjr jiwbra mbwqifafis bcf klat atf kjii. Ktfgf kjr j tjqqs rwlif bc tlr ojmf. zBd3GR

“Master Snake Lord, you coming here to see me proves that you are still willing to forgive me, right?”

He murmured.

“Great, I knew it, you wouldn’t treat me like this–”

But Lu Taipan had already come in front of him at this time. Through the indestructible glass window, the man took a deep look at him. 94Dhqn

After hearing Bai Nian’s joyful words, Lu Taipan’s eyes became more and more cold.

“The reason why I’m here is to let myself remember this lesson.”

Lu Taipan spoke to Bai Nian without hesitation.

“Lesson?” PqSApC

Bai Nian froze for a moment.

“When you showed those irrational emotional tendencies at the very beginning, I should have transferred you away from the Snake Den.” Lu Taipan still looked at him like that, as if he was gazing at a bunch of meaningless garbage. “Instead of letting you in the trust list.”

Chrysanthemum Garden.

He spoke.

Hearing Lu Taipan’s words, the blood on Bai Nian’s face faded little by little. dqJUQB

His breathing became more and more rapid.

His face gradually became distorted.

“I was wrong, my Lord, I beg you to give me another chance…” Bai Nian’s lips trembled, and he begged Lu Taipan pitifully.

But he only got an emotionless response from Lu Taipan. zCW6Mj

“My connivance led to such a serious loophole in the Snake Den.”

“I never thought of betraying you, nor did I think of putting Su Liang’s life in danger. Even if your spiritual power is too high, he would be just spiritually shocked. What’s the issue?!”

Seeing that Lu Taipan was not moved at all, Bai Nian spoke in a broken voice.

Lu Taipan fixed his eyes on him. “Su Liang is also a member of the Snake Den, yet you want to harm him. This is a betrayal towards the Snake Den. Exilee Bai Nian, you know this very well.” 8nebzm

“But—”



Bai Nian still wanted to struggle, but was caught off guard by Lu Taipan’s next sentence.

“What’s more, the person you want to harm is the person I want to spend my whole life with.” 5xg0NI

Hearing Lu Taipan’s words, Steward, who had a factory-issued silicone face, suddenly turned his head and glanced at Lu Taipan. His electronic eyes were shining brightly, many times brighter than before.

But Bai Nian’s eyes were full of disbelief.

“How can it be…”

The Leiyan’s expression was twisted. KB3uo9

“He is just a beta. Even if he can appease your spiritual strength, you don’t need to spend your whole life with him…. He’s really just a beta.”

It was as if Bai Nian could comfort himself as long as he repeated this sentence.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“I don’t care about gender.” Lu Taipan was originally very indifferent to Bai Nian, but at this moment, he became very serious. Word by word, he solemnly spoke to Bai Nian. “If Su Liang is an alpha, I love him. If he is an omega, I love him. He is a beta, I will still love him.”

Mentioning that name, the alpha who was originally surrounded with an aura of chill, looked extraordinarily gentle for a moment. e6mgBC

“I love him.”

Lu Taipan repeated.

“And you almost hurt him right under my nose. You should be grateful for his existence. After treatment, my condition has improved… At least now, I won’t go crazy and kill people because of this kind of thing.”

Having said that, Lu Taipan suddenly raised his hand and pressed it on the glass barrier. AWKIpB



Bai Nian looked at Lu Taipan blankly, and in the next second, Bai Nian suddenly screamed, and then was directly crushed to the ground by an extremely cold, dark, and massive mental force.

“Snake Lord…. Huu….”

np6NS9

Bai Nian pressed his temple with his hands, wanting to beg for mercy, but when he opened his mouth, what came out was a scream of pain.

“It hurts aahhh it hurts—-”

It seemed that magma was continuously flowing down the skull, burning the skin, nerves, bone marrow and even ‘Bai Nian’s self-recognition on fire.

The extreme pain caused Bai Nian to collapse to the ground, twitching uncontrollably. ZCuW7d

“It’s painful, isn’t it.

Lu Taipan glanced at Bai Nian, his face expressionless.

“This is the feeling of being shocked by spiritual power.”

He observed Bai Nian carefully, and once again remembered the extremely painful appearance of the person on the other side of the barrier in his heart. nmH4NI

He felt scared for a moment. If Su Liang did not improve his spiritual power after differentiating, or if Su Liang didn’t decisively change his strategy in the spiritual conditioning chamber and he really lost control…

Then, Su Liang may also be like Bai Nian now, who can only howl in pain that seemed to tear his soul apart, finally fading away.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“Su Liang.”

Thinking of that young man, Lu Taipan’s dark eyes slowly seeped with madness. 1isTFL

But soon, he regained his senses.

He suddenly withdrew his mental power. Bai Nian twitched slightly on the ground, and then did not move anymore.

Bai Nian was still alive, but when he woke up, he will find that if he wants to recover the mental power he was proud of, it may take an unusually long time.

However, that was none of Lu Taipan’s concern. Uade27



Lu Taipan left the confinement room expressionlessly.

Then, he felt a gaze coming from his side.

The Snake Den’s master did not want to pay attention to it, but the body currently used by the AI has a laser function. When the AI that controls it is too excited, the sight cast on the body will feel a little hot. 7uJ5s

Lu Taipan turned his head indifferently, and met Steward’s burning electronic eyes.

Seeing the weird smile on the factory-issued silicone face, Lu Taipan subconsciously wanted to tell Steward to shut up, but the other party had already spoken before him.

“Hehe, hehehe, does young master Su Liang know?”

Lu Taipan did not say a word. iwmAKd

He knew what Steward was getting at, but he didn’t want to respond – he was very clear about his feelings for Su Liang, he pitied him, longed for him, and envied him. But he knew very well that Su Liang might only feel embarrassment and resistance in the face of his love.

And he did not want it that way.

He needs an extremely careful and detailed plan, so that Su Liang would accept him under all circumstances.

However, the man who was familiar with various battle plans found himself extremely clumsy when faced with a situation of ‘love’ warfare. I68JVb

Lu Taipan raised his hand and lightly pressed his chest.

For example, just now… just mentioning that person, he found that his heartbeat began to be uncontrollable.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

For the first time in his life, Lu Taipan felt what it means to be at a loss.

The Snake Lord’s silence made Steward even more excited. TRoaN2

“Oh, it’s unrequited love.”



It drew out its voice, rubbing its hands together.

“Oh, you don’t have to keep a straight face. I’m not unprepared. In fact, I don’t think young master Su Liang has no feelings for you at all, but, it’s a bit impressive that you can express your emotions so smoothly in front of your exilees.” D7ksPY

Lu Taipan: ….

“Actually, you don’t have to be so shy. Although there is indeed a slight age gap between you and young master Su Liang, he shouldn’t dislike you….”

With the AI’s instigation, Lu Taipan’s face gradually turned gloomy.

9NM2CQ

However, Steward happily followed behind him and kept urging. “So, when are you going to talk to young master Su Liang? You see, it will actually take some time to prepare for the wedding….”

Lu Taipan paused slightly.

Steward: (\#?\#)

Steward: Ehe— Ud4rjF



* * *



tn: sunday chapter for all the sundays i missed qaq but hey we are like halfway through the story…. surely…





After Rebirth, I Became the Scum Gong’s Uncle’s Destined OmegaChapter 49


“According to our preliminary investigation, there were indeed a lot of suspicions regarding Bai Nian. We retraced his entry and exit records, as well as the coordinates of his outings over the years, and found that some of them are quite suspicious. However, Bai Nian had detailed in his reports before; in order to find a suitable drug for your psychotherapy, he had to contact some black market drug dealers, and some of them had connections to the Bluetooth mission….”

A few days later, Lu Taipan managed to find a chance to go back to his residence for a rest after completing his extraneous official duties, but even for this part of the journey, he did not have any free time. After finishing some daily work on the way, Steward asked about Bai Nian’s follow-up. AmRJvj

At the mention of Bai Nian, Lu Taipan frowned slightly.

‘Obviously, you have noticed Bai Nian’s doubts, but you still let him stay in the Snake Den as one of my medical officers… is it because of his claims to be able to develop a cure for me, or was it because his fanatical loyalty paralyzed your vigilance?” Lu Taipan glanced at Steward coldly. Although his tone was calm, the coldness held in his words made Steward’s data stuck.



Chrysanthemum Garden.

“It is my negligence.” Steward spoke dryly. “The inspectors responsible for this matter have already conducted a deep self-introspection. At that time, they believed that Bai Nian had done this to save your life – the consideration that your condition was indeed quite bad, as well as Bai Nian’s various behaviors showing that he was probably the only one who can save you, the Vipers in charge of monitoring therefore showed undue tolerance for him crossing the line.”

“Hm, tolerance?” cXK4Rn

Lu Taipan snorted coldly.



However, Steward still had a serious face, pretending to be a reporting machine without any emotions, and continued to report with a bitter face. “All of the monitoring teams involved in this negligence incident have now been assigned to the K-199 galaxy to clean up the galactical worm shit on route…”

Hearing this, Lu Taipan coldly withdrew his gaze.

He scanned his terminal. Bai Nian had already been sent to a remote galaxy outside the Earth Alliance at this moment, but this did not mean that the investigation on him was over. In fact, everything had just begun. According to the current investigation report, Bai Nian had indeed been in contact with some black market merchants and illegal biological experiment institutions in private, and most of the transactions entailed were related to the treatment for spiritual power. It seemed that it was indeed as what Bai Nian had claimed before, that everything he had done was to save Lu Taipan’s precarious mental state, but….

eVwJL5

Lu Taipan accurately locked several seemingly ordinary contact reports amongst the complicated information.

“Check these carefully.”

He spoke, tone indifferent, but with gloom in his eyes.



These seemingly harmless and neutral interstellar brokers secretly seem to be… related to certain people. DYNaBj

“Check the inner courtyard again.”

The Snake Den’s Lord added.

No matter what, before Su Liang had arrived, despite how hard he tried to support Lu Taipan, his physical condition had indeed reached an extremely dangerous point.

Probably because of this, the greedy beasts that have been entrenched around the Snake Den also smelled the vague scent of blood, and they were eager to try to bite off a piece of meat from the seriously ill monster. 3d8l0y

“Those who dare to put their hands into the Snake Den, will naturally know how powerful a snake’s fangs are.”

Thinking of this, Lu Taipan suddenly sneered softly.

Steward caught a glimpse of the smile on the corner of Lu Taipan’s mouth at this time. Despite being a pure electronic creature, he vaguely felt something similar to a ‘shudder’.

The Snake Den’s Lord, who was considered as an evil monster, a lunatic, a demon by everyone, was indeed…. frightening. cHPdw0

But at this moment, Lu Taipan suddenly stopped and turned around, looking at a certain place.

From the Snake Lord’s office to his residence, this route happened to pass by the mecha training ground.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

Across the open door, in the currently bustling training ground, there was a slender figure that was particularly eye-catching.

The young beta was holding a recorder and was surrounded by a group of Vipers. VxM5IF

“Just listen to me, there’s absolutely no mistakes, this is the experience that I’ve worked hard for. This is the easiest way to deal with those gangsters. You only need to use the regular shield of the mecha to block the first round of attacks, and then immediately afterwards, when the enemy is having their cooldown, use a high-performance laser beam above the K-11 level to aim at the opponent’s weapon. At this time, the enemy is still accumulating energy, and the weapon’s shield will not work at all. As long as your accuracy is enough, it can just explode those bastard’s weapon systems.”

Lu Taipan heard the Viper’s extremely impassioned voice.

The Snake Den’s Master stared coldly at the Viper who just spoke.

The tall alpha had just rested his elbow on Su Liang’s shoulder without thinking, sharing his experience without shame. SRTFAL

But before he finished speaking, his position was squeezed away by another Viper.

The new Viper waved his arms impatiently, performing a useless demonstration in the void.

“Why is it so troublesome?! Chi Lian, you’re so dumb, using shields to resist attacks? This will cause too much damage to the mecha’s defense. If you accidentally fall into an extended battle, it would be too easy to gain damage in the later stage… when the enemies gather, give up all your accuracy to throw two anti-gravity sniper bullets, this is the best solution for that kind of mob!”

“Ah, I can’t stand you bastards! Do you think everyone is like you? There’s two anti-gravity sniper bombs on the civilian mecha, and the mobility drop is too fast. Once it’s surrounded, you’re just waiting for death!” tpZXSA

Then, there was a lazy voice coming from Xue Yinhuan.

He directly pushed away the person next to Su Liang, leaned over him, put his arms around Su Liang’s shoulder affectionately, and kept on revising Su Liang’s recorder.

“Didn’t you idiots listen to what Xiao Liang said before? This is an emergency defense manual compiled for the civilians in the 48th district! The advice you guys are giving is pure nonsense, no, Xiao Liang, just ignore them, or just listen to my….”

He saw that Su Liang was defenseless, just letting Xue Yinhuan get closer and closer. isMkeT

Lu Taipan’s eyes were extremely cold.

“Under normal circumstances, we are too lazy to deal with things like Star Pirates. But according to what you said, since the 48th district isn’t protected by the border guards, if you often encounter these bastards robbing, the best solution is to not confront them. The firepower of civilian mecha are poor, and they fall apart at the slightest movement. It may be okay for long-range combat, but once it reaches the level of close-combat, it is very likely to fall into an absolute disadvantage…”

Su Liang was engrossed in memorizing Xue Yinhuan’s suggestion. The cursor on his recorder flickered like it was flying.

He actually came to the training ground just to confirm some minor issues with Xue Yinhuan. Ye1xO4

Unlike other stellar districts that were guarded by layers of guards, the 48th District, as the poorest one, was the one most frequently looted by Star Pirates.

Su Liang only had a hazy idea in his mind. He wanted to add some contingency plans to his textbooks and teach them to those young people who only rely on instinct to fight against Star Pirates. If it was possible for them to gain some experiences from places like the Snake Den, then the casualty rate of the children in the 48th district should be slightly reduced, right?

Please visit chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

So, after confirming with Steward that there was no mandatory training task that day, Su Liang went to the mecha training ground, intending to discuss with Xue Yinhuan about the emergency plan that civilians can use against Star Pirate attacks…

It never occurred to him that by the time he was discussing with Xue Yinhuan for some time, a lot of Vipers had already gathered around them when he raised his head again. The warriors who usually looked stern and unsmiling, now showed an enthusiasm that was completely beyond Su Liang’s expectations. After learning that Su Liang’s plan was to create an emergency plan for the poor in the 48th district, the Vipers seemed to be more active. ikNesr





We’re sorry for MTLers or people who like using reading mode, but our translations keep getting stolen by aggregators so we’re going to bring back the copy protection. If you need to MTL please retype the gibberish parts.


Ktf bcis qgbyifw kjr atja atf Nlqfgr tjv rajgafv ab oluta klat fjmt batfg ktlif atfs kfgf ajixlcu, jcv rbwf qfbqif fnfc abbx boo atflg mbjar bc atf rqba, sfiilcu bea jcv ublcu vlgfmais ab oluta klat atf wfmtj lc bgvfg ab afra ktfatfg atf fzqfglfcmf atfs rqbxf bo kfgf agef bg cba.

“Please, please don’t do this…”

Su Liang stared, dumbfounded at the VIpers that started to fight for no reason, his face paling.

“Aiyah, don’t worry too much, just watch these idiots fight. Whoever wins shows that their method is easy to use, isn’t it simple, convenient and clear? Even so, hehe, I still think that you should still use my plan–” q4fEv

Xue Yinhuan hung on Su Liang’s shoulder, speaking to the boy with a smile.

It’s just that before he finished speaking, his voice suddenly disappeared.

“Xiao Huan, what’s the matter?

Just as Su Liang was about to ask, he realized that Xue Yinhuan wasn’t the only one who was silent. 7kgMv3

The savage alphas who were aggressively pushing and fighting fiercely in front of him also fell silent as if someone had pressed the pause button, not daring to move.

They looked in Su Liang’s direction with horror.

As if Su Liang felt something, he couldn’t help but turn around.

Then, he saw a tall figure walking towards him step by step. emft85

It was Lu Taipan.

The Snake Den’s Master had just finished his official duties. He was dressed in formal attire, a long black military uniform with a leather belt that was tightly tied. Unlike the meticulous military uniform, which was buttoned to the top, his other accessories were worn casually. His military cap was slightly slanted, his long hair draped over his shoulders. Without the cover of the muzzle, his face looked stern and arrogant…

Moreover, he was so handsome that one couldn’t help but want to hold their breath.

Of course, for the last point, it was probably only Su Liang who thought so. 5to6wy

“Snake, Snake Lord…”

Su Liang almost bit his own tongue.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

He was defenseless.

This was the first time he met Lu Taipan after he came out of the spiritual conditioning chamber that day. UNyMA3

In the past few days, he has been trying every means to avoid the Snake Den’s Lord, not because of any particular reason, but simply because as soon as he saw him, Su Liang would uncontrollably think about the ‘crimes’ he did that day towards Lu Taipan in that completely closed spiritual conditioning chamber.

Besides…

Lu Taipan’s response towards him.

[“You can also call me Ah’Si.”] yUCbv5

The man’s voice was low and hoarse, his solemn words seemingly echoing in his ears.

And no matter what, when he thinks of the scene of that time, Su Liang will feel that the blood all over his body would be rushing to his face.

“En.”

After hearing Su Liang call him ‘Snake Lord’, Lu Taipan frowned slightly. oLTHZY

There were no emotions on his face. He completely ignored the various Vipers present, and came to Su Liang in a few steps.

“May I?”

He looked down at the recorder in Su Liang’s hand and asked.

After getting Su Liang’s consent, he politely began to look through all of Su Liang’s records that afternoon. Qj8AF4

Lu Taipan saw the IDs of various Vipers on those records, and below each ID was a detailed mecha operation guide and tips to deal with Star Pirates. Lu Taipan slid the records all the way to the top without changing his expression, and finally found his name with difficulty.

However, what he provided was nothing more than some extremely simple common sense. This was quite normal, because the mecha training was not completed at all, and halfway through… Lu Taipan’s eyes darkened slightly, and then he returned the recorder to Su Liang with a blank expression.

“These records are very detailed.”

Lu Taipan spoke lightly. 7UihzO

“But I have a better plan—”

While speaking, he raised his hand and waved lightly.

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

The gate in the depths of the mecha training ground burst open, and the pitch-black Mahoraga; like a demon god, descended to the very center of the training ground extremely quickly.

nkpUdj

“…..”

The smoke and dust settled.

Only silence remained.

Everyone heard the last sentence spoken softly by the Snake Den’s master. oQ0jEM

“I can show you the actual operation, is that okay?”

The various Vipers were silent again.

After a long time, a Viper coughed lightly.

[As expected of the boss.] WmdFdI

Someone sent a message in the group chat.

Considering that ‘Snake Si’ had appeared once before, the tone of the Viper was restrained and subtle.

[If I could have even half of the boss’ talent, I would have a partner by now.]

Someone was slapping their thighs. zWTwpF

[Boss is really amazing! I hope he can teach us a thing or two when he has the time to beat us up.]

[Really, I think ordinary people can’t even do this method.]

Lu Taipan just watched the constantly buzzing group chat. The corners of his lips twitched slightly, but he didn’t send any messages in the channel.

“This is Mahoraga, isn’t it too much of a bother for you?” 4TfvK

Su Liang was also stunned when he saw Mahoraga appearing, followed with indescribable tension.

After this period of make-up lessons, he was already very clear about Mahoraga’s status.

Chrysanthemum Garden.

Especially after Mahoraga’s appearance, Su Liang clearly felt that the Vipers behind him suddenly fell silent, a strange atmosphere surrounding the crowd. This made Su Liang instinctively feel that something was wrong.

Lu Taipan glanced coldly at his group of subordinates who had delicate faces on, and then spoke to Su Liang calmly. “It’s not. You are unfamiliar with mechas, no matter what others say, it is better for me to show you the drill myself.” rtghsq

“But, Mahoraga is your natal mecha.”

Su Liang spoke dryly.

His heartbeat was inexplicably fast.

His face was also warm. F muGg

And the words Lu Taipan spoke a few days ago kept reverberating in his mind for no reason.

Lu Taipan murmured, considering his words, but did not immediately respond to Su Liang.

It was precisely because of this that he let a newcomer Viper speak first.

It was a young man with wheat-coloured skin who looked particularly sunny and cheerful, and his voice was particularly hearty. “Young master Su Liang, it’s like this. Our boss is worried that you’re not proficient with mechas, that’s why he wants to teach you himself! When I first joined the squad, our captain often used the natal mecha to teach me how to operate it!” lLB2K6

Su Liang was slightly taken aback after hearing this. “So that’s how it is.”

He said.

While his heart suddenly relaxed, Su Liang was in a trance, feeling slightly disappointed.

With a complicated mood, he naturally didn’t notice that after the tanned Viper finished speaking, he received everyone’s incomparably burning eyes. In the crowd, the young captain’s face was flushed, and he coughed, choking on his own saliva. 14 G8T

On the other hand, Xue Yinhuan observed carefully, and found out that when Lu Taipan was leading Su Liang onto the tracks, he seemed open and frank, without any emotional fluctuations. He couldn’t help but feel his heart move, eager to take a step forward as well.



“Boss, since you have to take Xiao Liang to familiarize himself with the mecha, why not take me too, and let me see how Mahoraga’s power armor accelerates — “

He just took a glance and ran with it. 2SpJVX

Before Xue Yinhuan could finish what he had to say, Lu Taipan said calmly. “Xue Yinhuan, it seems that your mission has not been completed yet.”

“Ah? Mission?”

Chrysanthemum Garden.

Xue Yinhuan was at a loss.

“My mission has already been completed.” dK4EXM

Speaking of which, Xue Yinhuan clicked on his mission terminal, and was about to prove his point to Lu Taipan. But when the virtual screen popped up, the young Viper’s eyes instantly froze.

The mission list, which was originally empty, was now filled to the brim.

Some of them were even horrible missions like the “undercover strip club investigation of arms smuggling” that everyone disliked and could only be done by drawing lots.

Xue Yinhuan almost exploded on the spot. ntP2dI

“How can this be?”

He muttered to himself in disbelief.



But at this moment, when everyone saw Xue Yinhuan’s conditions, they suddenly seemed to have received a silent order. dfFT4a

“Cough, ah, I suddenly remember that I also have an uncompleted task!”

“Right, right, me too!”

“I haven’t washed my feet today, no I have to go–”

4hqaLF

All of the Vipers scattered like birds and beasts.

Only Xue Yinhuan had tears in his eyes, shaking his arms in panic, trying to confirm with Steward what was going on with his weird task list. As a result, Black Mamba sighed, directly raising his hand to cover his arm and dragged the young, innocent and weak Viper away.

In an instant, only Lu Taipan and Su Liang were left in the mecha training ground.

Mahoraga stood quietly not far away. It was obviously just a cold mecha, but somehow, Su Liang seemed to be able to feel a faint sense of anticipation. cFQ7gy

Lu Taipan had already jumped onto the mecha. He turned around, raising his hand towards Su Liang.

“Come.”

Please support our translators at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

He said.

In fact, he can open the hatch and jump into the mecha himself. Obviously so, but Su Liang couldn’t help but step forward, putting his hand on Lu Taipan’s palm. His body was lightened, and in an instant, SU Liang was directly pulled into the interior of Mahoraga by Lu Taipan. ErdZnj

The familiar dim scene came into view. Su Liang originally thought that he would feel nervous because of what had transpired here, but in fact, when he stood there, the only thing that could make him feel anxious was one thing —

“My Lord, can I just watch from the sidelines? I mean, since you need to show me how to operate it, it’s better not to let anyone share your seat….”

Su Liang’s words stopped abruptly after seeing the scene in front of the instrument platform clearly.

Lu Taipan sat firmly on the driver’s seat, turning his head sideways. He took a deep look at Su Liang. GqQdhl

In the dim lighting, the faint smile on his lips was so obvious.

“Didn’t you agree, that you would call me Mr Si?”

He said.

Then,he raised his hand and patted the seat next to his main driver’s seat. ky8R0M

“Also, don’t worry about the seat anymore.”

It was a co-pilot seat.

After such a long time, the once legendary mecha finally returned to the original two-person configuration.

Su Liang stared at the seat in front of him with astonishment, feeling slightly dazed. Steward once gave him a seriously thorough lesson regarding Mahoraga’s extensive history, but he never imagined that the Snake Den’s Lord would add a co-pilot seat to his natal mecha for himself. L8QT1v

“Is this… an adjustment made for me?”

Su Liang asked, his voice dry and tense.

Maybe it was because he was too surprised by his reaction, but Lu Taipan quickly adjusted his expression.

“It’s originally a two-person mecha, so it’s okay to add a seat.” AJM8rp

The man explained lightly.

At the end, he added.

Read more BL at chrysanthemumgarden (dot) com

“And I promised before that I would teach you everything about mechas. With multiple seats, it will be much more convenient.”

Su Liang walked forward clumsily. He sat in front of the console with Lu Taipan, as if in a dream, and then operated this legendary creation with him under Lu Taipan’s guidance. RW6FSs

His heart was beating fast, and he even felt slightly dizzy due to the extreme surprise.

The young beta could only desperately warn himself. Maybe, it was just like what the Viper had said before, that Lu Taipan really only did this to better teach him about mechas.

Maybe, this was indeed a normal thing in the Snake Den. After all, he knew better than anyone else, that underneath the cold exterior of the Snake Lord, lies a beautiful heart.

Maybe….. d0RG4P



“Would you be this nice to other people as well?”

When Su Liang realized it, he realized that this sentence came from his own mouth.

He froze completely, completely unable to understand why he would directly ask the question that weighed deepest in his heart. RS2Org

Lu Taipan was currently mentally synchronizing to the mecha, and when he heard Su Liang’s question, he blurted out involuntarily.

“There is nobody else.”

He was unable to think carefully.

Unable to consider words and sentences. FwbS8

Only the most instinctive reply remained.

“There is only you.”





* * *



tn: giggling kicking my feet in the air screaming………………..uoooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh………………uncle……………….. Lvi2bJ





