Chapter 1 - Prologue - Before Regression


Chapter 1

Prologue: Before Regression

Four men were beating a beggar in an alleyway. You could see the scene with just a slight turn of the head, but all the passersby paid it no attention–because the four men were particularly infamous for being bad-tempered good-for-nothings, and the beaten man was just a no-name beggar.

The unlucky beggar, Luisen, curled up his body and endured the violence. His coiled body resembled a mouse that had crawled up from the sewers. He didn’t dare move a single muscle. He knew that the more he resisted, the longer he would be beaten. So, he tightly shut his mouth and covered his head with both arms. Dry, straw-like hair trembled.

“Ah, what an intense guy. Didn’t even make a single noise.”

The gangsters stuck out their tongues. There had to be some kind of reaction for the beat-down to be satisfying; beating on a man who only curls up sucks the joy out of it.

“This is boring. Let’s go play cards instead.”

“Sure.”

“Dirty bastard. Don’t live your life like that.”

The good-for-nothings spat on Luisen’s trembling back and, snickering, exited the alleyway.

As soon as they disappeared, Luisen stood up while grasping at the wall. Limping on one leg, he slowly moved forward. Perhaps the punks hit something vital; every time he put weight on his foot, he felt dizzying agony.

He scraped the snow off the ground and used it to clean off his bloody mouth.

‘Awful jerks…’

It was those good-for-nothings that made the first proposal: ‘If you follow us, we’ll hand you a fairytale.’ Luisen had already been starving for two days now. He begged all day and fulfilled odd jobs but was still unable to afford a loaf of bread. With that one loaf, he could endure a few more days. Snow was already falling–if he did not eat today, he would surely perish.

Biting back distaste, he had no choice but to accept the offer. However, those men soon began to act as they pleased, grabbing his hair and pretending as if they didn’t know him. When Luisen asked for the money they promised him, they jabbered some nonsense, “Aren’t you enjoying this?” Suddenly, they showed their ill-temper and began to beat him.

From the very beginning, they had no intention to give Luisen money.



‘If you don’t give me money, that’s fine. But why hit me?’

Sniffling, Luisen swallowed some tears. The places hit by the punks throbbed. His whole body ached, and his eyes became blurry as a fever began to come over him. More unbearable than the body’s pain, though, was the misery.

‘In the old days, those people wouldn’t dare set eyes on my feet….’

Luisen had lived his entire life without knowing hunger nor hardships. His father was the Duke of Anies, and his mother was a princess. He was born the only son of the duke and succeeded him early. The fertile plains of the south were all his.

He was one of only four land-owning lords in the kingdom. Countless vassals were at his command, and he held the rights to tax them and put them on trial. For the southern part of the kingdom, he held the same authority as the king.

As one of the great lords, he held the authority to host royal coronations and was able to marry into the royal family. Even the king treated him with caution, and the queen made him the crown prince’s childhood friend, to make her son a strong candidate for succession.

He grew up playing in the palace as if it were his own home. He only ate and wore the most precious and best things in the world. Anything he wanted, he got. He lacked for nothing, and not a shadow was cast over his life.

Those were perfect years.

Luisen Anies was not an existence a neighborhood punk would dare stare at. These were people that should have knelt at his feet in complete obedience. They were insignificant beings whose lives and deaths were overturned by his words.

But, how…

‘How did I end up like this?’

Three years ago, in spring, the king fainted. The king was so old and sickly that everyone had already anticipated it. The problem, however, was that the aging king fell into a deep coma without deciding on a successor.

Why, of all things, did the king have two distinguished sons?

The eldest, Ellion, was only the royal concubine’s child. But, as the king’s eldest, he was given legal claim to the throne. With his excellent schooling and character, he received praises for his kingly nature.

Paris, the younger, was the queen’s child. Thus, no one could find fault in his right to succession. Though his intelligence and character could not compare to that of Ellion, his personality was favorable and left good impressions. All the powerful nobles supported him.

When the king collapsed, the second prince, Paris, gained control of the palace with the power of his mother, the queen. Shortly before that, the first prince, Ellion, escaped to the north, where he had some influence, and began to raise a military presence. Following the two princes, the kingdom split into two factions, and a civil war began.

Luisen and the Anies duchy stood by Prince Paris’ side. There was no doubt in his allegiance, as Prince Paris was both a relative and his only friend.

Prince Ellion was victorious in the civil war that spanned half a year. Prince Paris died during the war, and, when the first prince took control of the palace, the queen was officially imprisoned. The king was at the brink of death, so the kingdom was practically in the hands of the first prince. He then brandished his iron mace at Paris’ supporters.



Even the Duke of Anies couldn’t avoid this fate. In the fall of that year, Carlton, the prince’s sword, led the military to the dukedom.

Who is Carlton? Though he is low-born, the first prince recognized his overwhelming military strength. He became an important figure to his faction. Among the nobles, he had other titles more popular than ‘the prince’s sword,’: the prince’s butcher, the slaughterer, the noble massacre. He despised those who boasted about their luck to be born as an aristocrat and scorned incompetent lords.

""



And Luisen was both.

Luisen was extremely frightened by the news of Carlton’s arrival.

‘Carlton will kill me. He’ll kill me horribly.’

The young lord abandoned all work and confined himself in his room. He left all upcoming battles up to fate and drank nothing but alcohol. He was terrified and didn’t know how to properly respond–never in his life had he experienced a crisis like a civil war.

The peaceful life he enjoyed became a poison. Day by day his terror grew. And, when it became too unbearable, Luisen made an irreversible decision.

‘Let’s run away. Let’s run far, far away to where he can’t chase me.’

He packed his fortunes and, in the midst of battle, escaped from the castle. He had several vassals, relatives, and friends…surely one of them would take care of him. He hazily believed that someone would help him. It was a foolish decision made by a mind driven to tatters by fear.

The world became cold as soon as he lost his steady background as the Duke of Anies. All of his trusted friends and relatives turned a blind eye to him. The fortune he brought with him was taken away by muggers and conmen, and the servant that came with him died while chasing the criminals. Too late, Luisen returned to the estate, but everything had already ended.

Angered by Luisen’s escape, Carlton massacred the citizens and set fire to various parts of the territory. Still, that didn’t relieve his anger. The heads of the vassals hung from the walls of the castle. Crows flocked to the smell of rotting corpses, crying ominously.

The fire spread endlessly and razed the plains. The yellow, ripe wheat in harvest season was devoured by the bright red flames. Black smoke filled the sky, and the remaining survivors mourned.

At that sight, Luisen ran away once again. He chose to turn away because he couldn’t cope with the tragedy he had wrought.

After that, he couldn’t settle down anywhere. He felt as if Carlton was still chasing after him. If he looked into the darkness, he felt as if he could hear the hooves of a black knight’s horse.

When he slept, without fail, he would dream of standing in a burning, golden field. The dead became ghosts that followed Luisen. They would trace his face with their nails, cut his neck, and crush his face. With miserable, burned faces they would resentfully blame and curse him.

The world is cruel to a wandering, mentally unstable man.

Due to the civil war and famine, the country was in dire straits. People became unable to care for themselves. Everyday life had broken down, and emotions such as sympathy and compassion had become a luxury. Luisen had to survive on his own strengths.

‘Was I such a pathetic and helpless person?’

He was nothing after he lost his birthright and his family’s wealth. Luisen was not good at accounting and didn’t know how to farm, nor was he fit enough for manual labor. He couldn’t even fight.

He was ignorant to the ways of the world. There was nothing he could do, even if he wanted to earn a living.

His money ran out quickly. He sold his clothes, his shoes, and even his hair…but quickly found his limit. For the first time in his life, Luisen experienced hunger. His intestines felt twisted, and the sky became yellow. 1

‘Hurts. It hurts so much. Hungry, anything would be good. I want to eat anything.’

His eyes rolled backwards. His lofty pride shattered in the face of starvation. Aristocratic refinement, morality, and values all collapsed.

For a meal, he would sell even his body and heart. He didn’t hesitate to do all kinds of crimes, beg, and steal. The struggle for survival was a symptom of the country’s collapsing existence and stability.

However, the food he ate in this way was so delicious he could cry. He would weep while wolfing down unknown soup that he wouldn’t have even looked at while he was a duke.

Like that, three years passed.

No trace of Luisen’s time as a noble remained. His body was as thin as a twig, and his complexion was yellowed and wan. There were deep shadows underneath his eyes, making him look sickly. For fear of being caught, he often crouched down and hid his body. Ultimately, this resulted in a hunched back and a neck like a turtle.

Actually, it was a miracle that Luisen, who only knew how to eat and play, lasted for three years. They said that the ruined wealthy could only survive for three years, and for him, this was exactly three years. Now, he truly had nothing. Even his beautiful appearance was ruined by a rough street life, and no one wanted it.

‘I’m hungry. I’m hungry. I’m hungry.’

Vertigo rose up within him.

Two days ago, he hid in the yard of some random family and stole and ate their dog’s food. Come to think of it, that was his last meal. Due to the lack of food available for people, even dog food was too precious to waste.

‘I want to eat anything. Anything’s good, I just want to eat.’

He now thought a lot about when he was a duke–the food he would barely touch due to a lack of appetite.

A wide and long table filled densely with mounds of delicacies. He shouldn’t have left it. He should have eaten it all without wasting a single bite. If he were handed that now, he would even lick the plates clean.

He missed those days so much. Why couldn’t he have understood the preciousness of his life at that time?

Eventually, Luisen burst into tears. He knew crying would only waste energy. Even so, he couldn’t stop the tears.

The snowy path was slippery, and his legs were unstable. In his agitated state, he lost his balance and tumbled, falling down.

*Crash*

""



The snow was cold, and his one and only clothes became wet. He was in a situation where he had no place to dry his clothes nor to change into new ones. He had to stand up quickly so he could shake off the snow and salvage what dryness he had. Otherwise, if he slept outside in cold, wet clothes, he could develop tuberculosis.

But Luisen didn’t not move at all. He sobbed with his head still stuck in the snow.

‘I should have died back then. Even if I had died, I would have died as a noble rather than living like this.’

‘Maybe then the vassals and the citizens wouldn’t have died. This isn’t a life that’s worth sacrificing all of them. I’m not useful anywhere, neither as a noble, not as the Duke of Anies, and not even to myself.’

‘If I’m going to die anyway…it would have been better to not run away.’.

Luisen felt anguish as countless regrets pierced his heart. He was weakened to the point that his heart couldn’t bear the intense grief. As his body cooled down, he felt his consciousness fading away. The knife-like pangs of cold and hunger slowly began to disappear.

“Rather than dying like this….”





Footnotes




Slang for becoming disoriented





Chapter 2 - The first thing you must do when you return to the past


Chapter 2:

The first thing you must do when you return to the past

*Bang*

*Bang*

*Aghhh!*

*Crash*

Deafening booms and shrieks, as if an enormous mountain was collapsing, brought Luisen back to consciousness.

“My lord, my lord. Please hurry and wake up. The battle has begun.”

“Ughh…..”

‘Leave me alone. I just died, you know?’

Luisen covered his head and pushed away the hand trying to wake him up. His head felt like it had shattered, and nausea rolled around inside of him. A terrible alcohol stench permeated from somewhere.

‘What is this alcohol smell?’

After the civil war, Luisen couldn’t drink a single drop of alcohol. Prohibition was instituted as the famine continued to ravage the lands; the price of alcohol went through the roof. For a vagabond like Luisen who found it hard to find daily bread, the smell of alcohol, let alone the taste, was a pipe dream.

But then, why was he currently suffering from a severe hangover?

He rolled his hazy, heated head around. Slowly, bit by bit, memories returned.

It was evident that Luisen should have died that wintery night, three years after he ran away from the castle. However, a man passing by miraculously saved him.

He was a man on a religious pilgrimage. Because he was missing one arm, the man was called the one-armed pilgrim. Luisen didn’t know his name. And he would always wear the hood of a monk, so he couldn’t see his face. The man seemed extremely suspicious, but the one-armed pilgrim took care of Luisen with all of his heart.

He would hand over his bed, warm the room with precious firewood, and was even willing to share medicine and food. Even though he wasn’t well off, he devotedly nursed Luisen. Thanks to him, Luisen didn’t die that winter and instead regained some vitality.

Luisen felt deep gratitude towards the one-armed pilgrim. That there was such a merciful and wise person in this world… He began to call the pilgrim a saint and followed his doctrine.

Following him, Luisen learned much of the world and realized his own foolishness. The stories the one-armed pilgrim would tell helped gift Luisen with a discerning eye. He helped him see the world with clear eyes, devoid of sin and senility. Luisen was able to feel remorse and apologized sincerely to the dead.

After meeting with the one-armed pilgrim, he no longer felt devastating hunger and slept enclosed by ceilings and walls, but his body was already broken by the streets. The next winter, one year later, Luisen breathed his last.

“I thought I was in an old cabin…”

It was an endlessly uneasy and dreadful night. As it was deep into the winter, the blizzard’s rage rattled the windows as if to shatter them. Knowing it was Luisen’s last night, the pilgrim stuffed the stove full of firewood.

Every time some strange sound rang out, Luisen’s heart shook as well.

Death was so scary.

He was afraid to meet the people that died because of him. It was painful to look back upon his life, but it was also scary to think that no more days would come either. Ah, the process of the soul leaving the body was too long, boring, and terrible. Tears kept flowing down.

“Brother,” said the one-armed pilgrim, Luisen’s saint.

He grasped Luisen’s hand, as if he understood his heart’s desire. Luisen moistened his lips with some wine that the man had procured, as if from thin air, and uttered his last will–his final confession.

And then, he died.

That was the last moment Luisen could remember. He definitely died then.

But then, why does he smell like alcohol? Didn’t he die? No? The memory of his life seeping from his body couldn’t have been a dream.

“Am I in hell?”

Considering the dreadful shrieks coming from all sides, this must have been hell. He had a terrible migraine and felt nausea as if he were seasick. Every time he took a breath, the sickening stench of alcohol wafted out of his mouth. It was almost as if… it was the day after he had become blackout drunk.

Are there hangovers in hell?

“Hell? Well, I guess it wouldn’t be wrong to call it hell.”

A brusque voice came from above.

‘Is there someone beside me?’

Luisen opened his eyes. The room was dark, but it was enough to recognize the other person’s face. The man had flashy red hair and a good-looking appearance, but his absentminded expression made him look plain.

It was Luisen’s chief aide, Ruger.

“Ruger? Huh? Why are you here?”

Ruger would have fled with Luisen on that fateful night, but instead he let himself get captured and killed by Carlton’s soldiers in order to give his master an opportunity to safely escape. It was one of Luisen’s greatest regrets that he couldn’t retrieve the body for fear of being caught.

“Please come to your senses. Now isn’t the time to be carefree and drinking.”

“Now?”

Luisen looked around blankly; the view looked familiar. The luxurious room decorated in green and gold was his past bedroom. Although Luisen spent more time in the capital than in his territory, he couldn’t forget the bedroom he had used all his life, which had been passed down for generations in the Anies family.

‘I can’t believe I’m seeing this place again.’

This room had burned down with the dukedom’s castle. Carlton had made sure of it.

“Here, have some cold water and pull yourself together.”

Ruger handed over the cup. Luisen absentmindedly took it and gulped the water down. Maybe because he had arrived in hell, or maybe because he was seeing the castle he lost through his own mistakes, his throat burned.

“Gah.”

The ice cold of the water made his head spin.

‘Isn’t this strange?’

Luisen pinched his cheeks without mercy. Vivid pain blossomed.

‘Am I alive right now? I’m not dead?’

The dead can’t feel pain. So, what’s all that terrible noise coming from outside the window? He hurriedly ran to the window and flung it open.

“AHHHHHHH!”

“Stop them! Don’t back down!”

“Save me!”

You could see the view of the entire castle in one glance from the duke’s bedroom. A battle was in full swing just outside the castle walls. Despite the advantageous position due to the castle’s defenses, the battle lines were steadily being pushed back. Luisen’s soldiers were naive and without proper training, while the enemy soldiers climbing the walls were all elite. As if to predict their inevitable victory, a blue flag fluttered majestically over the wall. The blue lion was a symbol of the royal family.

A blue lion flag…

The blue lion flag. Old memories, as vivid as if they had happened just yesterday, rose up when he saw that flag.

Prince Ellion declared that all those who supported the second prince were traitors. In order to set an example for all the nobles who didn’t support him, he sent soldiers to the Anies Duchy.

Carlton, the first prince’s sword, butcher, noble executioner, and all sorts of other horrible nicknames, led the army to the duke’s territory.

Carlton recommended they surrender to the royal family’s rule. Though in name they were the royal family’s vassals, the Duke of Anies had long ruled the south as its master. The duke, who had secretly belittled the royal family, couldn’t accept submitting to its power. The castle closed its gates and chose to fight. He believed that the many southern lords, his vassals, would come as reinforcements if they endured.

After the battle began, it only took three days for the castle to fall.

Just three days.

“Ruger, how many days has it been since the battle started?”

“What? You don’t even remember? Did you take anything other than alcohol?”

“How many days.”

“It started yesterday…so it’s the second day.”

Second day! It was the same night Luisen ran away.

“That’s…I can’t believe it.”

Luisen chuckled despondently. ‘I went back in time? Why, of all times, did I come back to the night I regret the most?’

He couldn’t believe it. Luisen clenched his fist and punched the window frame.

*Thud*

“Nn…it hurts…”

“You punched a brick frame, of course it hurts! You picked up something weird and ate it, didn’t you? Yes? I’ve been doing what my lord ordered me to do, even in this mess, so much that my soles are on fire, and you’re here smoking?”

“…I said I didn’t take anything.”

‘Or actually, did I?’

Luisen felt like he was out of his mind. He would usually enjoy that kind of thing during the new year celebrations, and with the fear of death, perhaps there was no reason not to do it.

‘Maybe I did. A little bit.’

“It’s fine. Now’s the time. With the battle in full swing, no one will pay attention to us.”

“Huh? What?” Luisen asked blankly.

He felt as if he was dreaming. Did he have a weird dream after drinking? This Luisen Anies couldn’t have become a beggar after all…

“We’ve got to run. I’ve prepared the horses and money.”

Hm. It couldn’t have been a dream. It really did happen. Luisen suddenly made a distressed sound.

‘Returning to the past…I’ve read stories like that but…’

Once upon a time, long long ago, there was a man. He wandered the world and helped many people. Everyone praised him as a saint, but he couldn’t be happy. That was because he committed a great sin in the past. Even as he atoned with good deeds, he felt distress. One day, he made a wish to God. He wanted to revive his loved ones… God, who felt sorry for the saint, granted him his wish. He sent the saint back to the past so he could save them himself.

This was a legend that was known by all the kingdom’s citizens–fiction made to teach morality and to inspire faith. But that story had become his reality, even though Luisen wasn’t a saint.

‘Why me?’

He was a sinner. He made a wrong decision that drove many people to their deaths and became one of the causes for famine. How many people died because of one person? How could he be given the same opportunity as a saint?



TN lil-vally: Thanks for joining me for the first two chapters! I’m reading along with you guys, so I’m excited to see where this goes. Poor MC is so sad these past chapters T_T





Chapter 3


Chapter 3

Luisen was a wayward fool, even before the civil war. Abandoning his lordly duties, he squandered his youth playing, eating, and drinking in the capital. He was indolent, apathetic, and made light of the world. Although he repented for his many mistakes after meeting the saint, he was still a fallen soul whom hell would welcome with both hands.

‘Perhaps…did mister one-armed pilgrim, my saint, help me?’

A strong feeling overwhelmed Luisen’s heart. Yes, such a devoted and merciful man could definitely have created this opportunity for this pitiful life. Or maybe he was included in the saint’s grand plan in the past somehow! Anyways, everything was in debt to his grace.

“Duke-nim, Duke-nim 1. We must hurry, there won’t be another opportunity.”

“Wait a minute.” He wanted to give his last thanks to the saint in a prayer.

However, Ruger did not give Luisen a chance to pray.

“This isn’t the time to relax. My lord knows well how vicious the butcher can be. He killed one man by tying all four of his limbs to a horse and letting it rip him apart. The remaining torso was spat on and cursed at. He’s a cruel and villainous man. I heard he despises nobles, does he not? If he catches you, you won’t have a gentle death. He’s coming here with full tyrannical power. I don’t know what he’ll do to you, my lord!”

Ruger trembled. “It’s now or never. We’re going to lose–we’re definitely going to lose, no matter what.”

“So, you want us to abandon the territory and run away? In the midst of battle?”

“What’s wrong with that? Those men are all fighting to protect you; there’s no meaning if you die.”

“…”

Luisen swallowed a sigh. His past self had agreed with Rugert–and then ran away. At the time, he had believed fleeing was his only chance for survival. He couldn’t even imagine the life he’d live afterwards. He had just been relieved to be alive. Just as he had lived before, carefree, he had been vaguely confident things would work out.

So stupid and lackadaisical!!!

“That’s enough,” Luisen said.

“Huh?”

“I have no intention to run. If you want to leave, do whatever you want. I won’t blame you.”

“What are you saying?!”

‘I won’t run away.’ For the sake of those who had died, and for the sake of Luisen’s own life, this was the right choice. He couldn’t go through what he did twice.

‘I’d rather die as a noble.’

How could he squander his new life? He’ll live like a nobleman. He’ll formally surrender.

That way, everyone will survive.

The dukedom’s military strength was deficient, but it was holding up well for now. Maybe that was why in the past he thought he could take on his opponent. But, Carlton was deliberately dragging his feet, biding time.

After he realized Luisen had fled, he took the castle in less than half a day.

""



So, why was he now deliberately stalling for time?

Carlton was aggressive–his hands spread cruelty–and he never retreated in battle. His favorite pastime was to trample, humiliate, and subjugate snobby nobles. The higher the noble’s ego, the more pathetic they would become in the end. Luisen would have been his favorite prey.

He would have been excited to occupy noble castles, trample upon centuries-old traditions and honors. Nevertheless, one could assume the first prince had a reason to make Carlton drag his feet.

‘This is what the saint explained.’

Luisen had faith in the saint’s bountiful knowledge and keen insight.

The Anies Duchy was one of the four grand lordly families. They held power comparable to the authority of a king. Though the first prince believed a centralized ruling system was ideal, he lacked the legitimacy to pull it off. He had a long-standing complex regarding how few nobles supported him compared to his younger brother.

After winning the civil war, he attempted to shore up those weaknesses by winning the loyalty of the nobles. The Duke of Anies was someone who had the right to elect a king. Even though the first prince won the war, the loyalties of the great lords held deep meaning.

The saint said that Luisen’s lifeline depended on his loyalty to Prince Ellion.

‘It would have been better for you to have bent over for him. It’s best to surrender before being occupied.’

Holding out until he broke would go against the will of the first prince. A Duke of Anies who didn’t obey until the bitter end would become a scar upon the prince’s legitimacy. Prince Ellion would not tolerate such disgrace. At that point, the force of Carlton’s cruel pleasure would be unleashed, and there was no way of knowing what would happen to the duke.

Luisen was ignorant of all of this in the past. He was just terrified to hear about the execution of the second prince. He only thought that the first prince would try to murder him as well, so he insisted on fighting him.

And in the end, he abandoned everything.

.

.

Luisen bit his lips and opened the door to the conference room. The room, which was used as a base for military strategy operations, was filled with a heavy tension. The general and treasurer, as well as other officials and the butler, were standing in front of a table laden with tactical maps. As the battle was in full swing, the knight commander and his knights were not present.

When Luisen appeared, all eyes in the conference room became fixated on him. They all looked at him with confused and surprised gazes.

“My lord, for what reason have you come to this humble place? Do you need anything else?” the treasurer welcomed him warmly.

Though the man had gained ample weight throughout the years and had a generous, kind-looking face, his words contained a sharp backbone. It would have been commonplace for a lord to present at meetings that concerned the territory. However, he was shocked at Luisen’s appearance. He had inwardly sneered when he heard Luisen had locked himself up in his room.

In the past, Luisen would not have been able to detect the treasurer’s sarcasm, but a life of wandering had made him develop some sense. He flushed red with embarrassment.

“He is your lord. Watch what you say.”

The butler sided with Luisen, but Luisen couldn’t bear to see him. Before the regression, Carlton was said to have tortured the butler for information on Luisen’s whereabouts. He did not reveal anything until the end, and was eventually abandoned in some gutter with all of his limbs torn off.

“What’s the matter? We were just discussing something very important,” the general said. In the face of his stern gaze, Luisen’s shoulders lightly trembled.

The general was always hard on him. On behalf of his parents who had died when Luisen was young, the general was his foster parent and his proxy in estate matters. He was always a strict teacher and became a very competent thorn in his side. When the castle was occupied, he committed suicide. Carlton decapitated the corpse and hung it over the wall. When Luisen tried to return to the estate, he saw the general’s rotten and decayed head.

The same was true of the other officials. All of the people who worked at the duke’s castle had been decapitated and hung over the wall. This was Carlton’s revenge.

Luisen fidgeted with his thumbnails. Their corpses’ deathly appearance and stench were still vivid in his mind. Anxiety and nervousness filled him all the way up to his chin. It was harder than he’d thought to see the dead roaming alive again.

But, he couldn’t back down.

‘Remember how much you regretted this day, Luisen Anies.’

‘Please, Saint, give me courage.’

Luisen drew a small cross over his heart with his hand, heartbeat flickering like dim lamplight. He steeled himself and said, “We must surrender.”

The general’s face distorted with disappointment at his words. The same was true of the treasurer and the others.

“Why do you say this now, my lord? You may have forgotten since you locked yourself in your room, but we’re currently in the midst of battle.”

“Aghhhhhh!”

Just then, an unnamed soldier shrieked from the outside. Everyone in the room knew immediately that the soldier was now dead, and the air became heavier.

“….I know,” Luisen said.

“Then, you know just how ridiculous your words are.”

“I know. But, we still have to surrender. We’re no match for Carlton’s power. It’s only a matter of time before we are occupied.”

“Our soldiers are still enduring well.”

“How long can they last?”

“The reinforcements will arrive soon. Anies’ vassals will come to our aid.”

“Reinforcements are not coming. They’ve already abandoned us.”

None of the reinforcements came last time. All of the duke’s vassals had turned their backs on them. Luisen had experienced this firsthand in the future (of the first timeline), but the officials all strongly protested.

“Before there was a kingdom, the Anies Duchy was the master of this territory. There’s no way the vassals would abandon us and join hands with the royal family. They are our subjects and we are their sole liege. Didn’t we always teach you to not forget what kind of existence you are to the south?”

The general agreed with the rest of the officials. “That’s correct. The loyalty of the southern territory is different from those greedy nobles in the capital.”

“My lord, you may not know anything about this since you’ve spent all your time in the Capital,” another official added.

‘No… the times have changed.’

Even before the civil war broke out, both princes had been building their factions. The first prince attracted small and medium-ranked lords to his side. He tempted them through the promise of breaking old contracts and installing a new system. As a result, the vassals would not see the Duke of Anies as a lord to protect but rather plump prey to gorge upon.

As if they were waiting for the duchy to crumble, the vassals did not put their heart into the battle to protect their own counties.

‘My words would never be enough to convince them anyway.’

The duke’s advisors were competent, but they had immense pride in their ducal history and were quite conservative.

“Think about it carefully,” Luisen said. “If they were truly going to help us, they would have sent soldiers even before Carlton unsheathed his sword. Has any family sent us their auxiliary troops?”

The treasurer became slightly disturbed. Luisen’s words weren’t without sense.





TN: I’ll try to come out with Chpt 4 sometime later in this week/weekend!





Footnotes




Nim here is the suffix for respect. Think of the japanese “san”





Chapter 4


Chapter 4

“Neither Prince Ellion nor Carlton wants to kill us right now. All they want is our surrender. It’s enough for the duke to show his submission to the prince,” Luisen said.

“If what the prince desires is our submission, we should not be weak-hearted and back down any further!” the general argued. “Our honor as the ruler of the south is at stake!”

“Does honor feed you?!”

The general became angry. “Is that what the Duke of Anies should say?! Is the master of these golden fields scared away by the dog of an illegitimate prince?”

“That’s not what I meant. I’m…afraid, yes. But I made this decision for all of us.”

If the prince were to give up on the duchy, Carlton would brutally crush the territory. If that were to happen, the result would be no better than the desolate future Luisen had experienced before.

“…When you insisted on supporting the second prince, you said the same thing,” the general contended. “You said that it was a decision made for the good of all of us, but what has happened now? You’ve only lost soldiers and wealth; you were branded a traitor. This is why I begged for you to not be involved in central politics!”

Luisen shut his mouth. To be honest, he had nothing to say to that–true, he was complacent and incompetent. He had never seriously considered the consequences of a civil war, nor the succession dispute.

He lived as a flowing river. Because he was a relative to the second prince, he stuck close to him. There were no other serious considerations.

“My lord, are you not just scared? Are you going to beg for your life when you surrender? Can’t you please feel responsible as a lord, especially when the situation has already become so severe?” one of the advisors pleaded.

“That’s enough. We’ll just do what we’ve been doing so far. My lord should go back and just finish his wine bottle. Or take a shower. You smell strongly of alcohol.”

The words of the treasurer, which did not contain any expectations, penetrated Luisen’s heart more than the general’s gruff reprimand. The advisors ignored Luisen and resumed the discussion they were sharing before he had appeared.

Luisen could not respond to any of their rebukes. His intentions were good–he wanted to save everyone in the conference room–but it was difficult to convey his true feelings.

Only the kind butler approached Luisen.

“Young master, you must be alarmed. Please, feel free to rest in your room. The elders of the castle will take care of matters.”

Still a young master. Even though it had been more than twenty years since Luisen had become the lord, to the butler he was still “young master.” Not a lord to trust and follow.

This wasn’t an issue unique to the butler either. Not one person in this conference room was confident in him as a lord.

A feeling of frustration and helplessness simultaneously brewed within Luisen. Unlike his previously vigorous run to the conference room, he returned to his chamber with plodding steps.



***



“They mean well, but….”

Luisen cringed. It was impossible to even curse at his advisors, considering he had never worked properly as a lord before.

His parents died when he was six years old, and he became a duke. The general was the acting-lord and spent a great deal of time trying to mold him into a proper noble. The general proved to be strict, and Luisen was inevitably dragged along against his will. He often ran away from his tutor and hid in the attic. Thus, he had little knowledge of martial arts, history, and etiquette.

As he grew older and became an adult, he escaped from his tutor’s grasp and left all of the work and his estate to his advisors. He spent money from the territory like water and mingled with unsavory friends.

After being in so many scandals, his reputation was at its worst. He knew how to spend money, but he had little knowledge or appreciation for the money’s origins. He wasn’t interested in the land nor his family name.

He used to think ‘everybody is already doing well, why do I need to care?’ and he was ignorant of any of his territory’s issues, for he liked the flashy and colorful capital more so than the manure smell of the rural villages of the duchy. His advisors were the only ones keeping the territory running while Luisen was playing around.

He was then stuck on the losing side in the clumsy struggle for the throne, having uprooted the pillars of his territory’s economy to support the second prince. He was left without proper personal connections because of his former misconducts and was even set up as a foil to the first prince due to their bad relations. His biological bloodline was excellent, but he had no idea how to utilize it.

In other words, many thought the territory would be better off without Luisen!

‘Even if it were me, I would probably want to chase off the person who insisted on surrendering the night of the battle.’

However, the people were too nice, he thought, and they didn’t leave him to fend for himself. Luisen recalled how, in the past timeline, people would spit on, beat, and insult him…and then he felt grateful for his strict advisors.

‘Why did I get angry and ignore them in the past? They were such good people.’

Ever since he was born, he was used to being supported. Luisen resolved to take as much responsibility as the support he was given.

‘The saint was right. Nothing in life is ever free; people must work for their meals.’

With that in mind, Luisen was now determined to at least start earning his own keep. As payment for his meals, he would step up in this battle, save the people, and protect the future of the land!

To do that he needed to successfully surrender… Since the vassals wouldn’t listen to him, sending a formal envoy was impossible… How many more days could this situation last?

According to Luisen’s memory, tonight would pass safely, but there was no knowing what tomorrow would bring. The vassals all believed in their safety, but Luisen knew that Carlton wasn’t yet using his full power.

‘Carlton…even though he may be a madman, his skills cannot be denied.’

Even though Carlton openly persecuted nobles and made many enemies, his ghost-like 1 mercenary skills and strength enabled him to gain the confidence of Prince Ellion.

The first time Luisen had seen him was during the first battle on the day the castle was besieged. He had seen him from a far-off distance. Wearing black armor, Carlton was like a death knight from old legends.

With a single swing of his spear, Carlton razed swathes of soldiers, knocking out heavily armed knights and clearing his path. Countless articles and tall tales regarding the man flew about the capital, but they were still not enough to prepare Luisen to see him in person. He was the scariest human being Luisen had ever met.

It was enough to scare those that weren’t even standing on the battlefield.

‘Maybe I should directly….’

But the battle was well underway, and it would be hard to penetrate through.

He was sure that even before meeting Carlton to surrender, he would get caught up in the battle and die. Luisen frantically paced back and forth as he continued to think. Ruger, who had been watching him with an anxious face, slyly brought up the plan to escape once more.

“Hearing what others have said, it seems like the castle will not last much longer. If the enemy truly intended to fully invade, we would have fallen immediately. It seems as if the general is lying. We have no more chances; reinforcements won’t come.”

“If you want to escape, do it by yourself,” Luisen responded.

“I will go wherever my duke goes! Even if I die, I’ll stay by your side. Please, don’t underestimate my loyalty.”

“You want to stay with me?”

“B-but…who knows what kind of vivid humiliation my duke will suffer from that butcher? He’s a monster, you know!”

“……”

“Do you remember?” Ruger explained, “I told you everything. For goodness’ sakes, he tore the limbs off a viscount’s son with ropes and horses! To imagine you meeting such a disgraceful and horrible death…”

Ruger had a way with words. Even if the same words were spoken, Ruger’s eloquence would make it seem more realistic–the words would remain in your mind. 2 While explaining Carlton’s notoriety, Ruger gestured wildly with both hands and feet. A chill traveled up Luisen’s spine.

“Stop. I’m already disturbed, but you’ll make it worse.” Terrified, Luisen wrapped his arms around himself.

Carlton had directly chased him when Luisen originally escaped under the cover of darkness. That night remained a nightmare that had long tormented his dreams. Though Carlton had been distant enough that Luisen couldn’t properly see him, he threw his spear with scary accuracy. It had missed Luisen by a hair’s breadth. The attack instead hit a tree, which immediately split in half.

Even now, recalling that moment caused cold sweat to form on Luisen’s brow.

It had been the first time in his life that he felt as if death was just around the corner. As most of his life was spent in peace and safety, he could not easily shake off that experience.

For a long time afterwards, Luisen was caught in delusions concerning his ever encroaching death by Carlton’s hands. A grim reaper–a knight of death–made in Carlton’s image persistently followed him. If the saint hadn’t saved him, he would not have been able to brush aside that delusion.

“So, let us leave, my duke. You’re scared too, right? There’s nothing left for us to do here… And, honestly, wouldn’t the people prefer that my lord disappeared?”

“Nnn….” Luisen winced.

“Look at this. It’s a map from the groundskeeper. If we follow this map, we can safely avoid the monster and quickly cross the forest to Dubless Pass.”

Ruger opened a familiar map to persuade Luisen. In the original timeline, they used this map to escape to the neighboring Dubless County. It wasn’t a particularly pleasant memory.

Ruger had said that Count Dubless would protect him and give him the best reception, but instead Luisen was treated completely insignificantly. 3 The count had held Luisen in the parlor, asked him a few questions, then kicked him out. That was when Luisen returned to the Anies Duchy, heartbroken.

In any case, the map was reliable. No beasts beset him while he was traveling through the woods. A single wrong path may have led him near Carlton’s garrison of soldiers.

…Huh?

“Give me that map.”

“Here!” Ruger, thinking Luisen had changed his mind, happily handed over the map.





TN: Here’s chapter 4! I’m gonna release chapter 5 sometime later today~





Footnotes




Idiom! I literally translated it here, but it means proficient

Idiom: the literal words are they will be caught in your ears

Idiom here: The literal translation is “cold rice”





Chapter 5


Chapter 5

Luisen spread the map to confirm his surroundings. The entrance to the forest lay a short distance from the north gate of the castle. He ran a finger down the road that stretched from that point.

“Here, the left path leads to Dubless?”

“Yes, that’s correct.”

Luisen pointed to some foothills directly opposite Dubless, to the right side of the forest.

“And this way lies Carlton’s barracks?”

“Yes, that’s right. That’s the front gate of the battle. It’s opposite the way we’re going. We can escape safely without being involved in the fighting.”

“So you say it’s on the right…”

“No, no, the left side. We have to go towards the left, right?”

Ruger looked at Luisen with pitiful eyes, insisting that he was confused.

‘Does he think I’m a fool?!’

Tears threatened to fall, but he stayed quiet. There was something more important than that right now. It’s better for Ruger to have this misconception now.

“Let’s go. We’re leaving.”

“Yes! You’ve made a wise choice! Excellent decision! As expected of my duke, so bold and decisive!”

Ruger’s expression lightened. He gleefully handed Luisen a black robe and offered his useless flattery. Luisen frowned. In the past, he had enjoyed such flattery, but now he felt bad.

What is this insincere brown-nosing? He couldn’t believe he used to be pacified with such obvious compliments.

He stopped Ruger’s flattery while speaking ill of his past self.

“Stop it, we need to get going.”

Luisen tightly rolled up the map.

“Uh? I can hold the map….” Ruger offered.

“It’s fine. I’ll take the lead in the woods. Just follow me.”

Ruger seemed puzzled–it was natural for the servant to lead with the map and for the master to follow. However, he thought nothing more of it… Luisen was originally a capricious man, and Ruger thought his master was too transparent to have any schemes. He never imagined there would be a plan other than to go to Dubless.

“Dubless will be safe. Carlton won’t be able to follow us there!”

Ruger led the way with laughter and joy. Even if Luisen were to take the lead in the forest, Ruger had to guide them to the place where the horses and money were hidden.

Looking at his light-hearted back, Luisen thought to himself, ‘I’m sorry to lie to you, Ruger. But, this time you won’t die because of me. This is for the best.’

Of course, Luisen had no intent of running to Dubless. Why would he run when that was what he regretted in the first place? He was not very smart, but he wasn’t foolish enough to step onto an obviously hellish path.



****



As soon as they slipped out of the fortress door, the entrance to the forest stretched out before them. In the night, the forest seemed like a huge monster. An inky darkness of unimaginable depth enveloped it wholly. From the back, the sounds of the battle could be heard; from the front, crickets chirped. In the midst of all of that, a strange silence weighed upon Luisen’s shoulders.

It was common knowledge that the forest at night was dangerous. And, apart from common sense, Luisen was afraid of the forest. He had entered the woods many times to forage for food after getting chased out of the cities.

Every visit was a crisis of death. How fierce the wild animals were…and how numerous the monsters were… The traps set up to hunt them were also incredibly dangerous. He almost lost his ankle once when he got caught in one of those traps. He even ate toadstools while blind with hunger.

It was almost laudable that he was even still alive.

Ever since he was young, he was told to be careful of his weak body, but he may have actually been unexpectedly tough.

‘Eugh…’ Luisen tried to relax with trivial musings, but it didn’t work. The endless darkness itself was an entity that overwhelmed people.

‘It feels like my death knight will soon arrive…’

According to the legends, deep in the forest where moonlight couldn’t penetrate, a solitary headless knight roamed. He was once the most honorable knight, but he was corrupted and became depraved. He betrayed his master and violated the sacred knights’ vow. He was said to have been sentenced to death, hung by his neck on the walls of the castle and dumped deep in the woods. Now, he was said to reap the souls of the guilty who wandered into the forest.

During his wandering and delusional days, whenever Luisen attempted to find some peace in the forest, he would hear the thundering sounds of horses’ hooves. The death knight would appear at the corners of his eyes, from the darkness–an envoy from heaven to punish him.

He was not allowed to rest.

They say if you were caught, your body would be torn apart and scattered in the fields and meadows and your soul would be locked away and tormented forever. Like an insidious shadow, the knight sat in the darkness and whispered to Luisen, ‘Run away, run far far away.’

Luisen’s mouth was dry with fear. Though he no longer clearly saw those delusions, he still felt that someone was watching him, hidden. The wind caressing his neck was cold like a blade.

‘No, no no. There’s no way that the knight of legend exists in this world.’

Of course, the knight of death was just a fictional being. The knight who chased Luisen persistently was just one of the many delusions Luisen’s consciousness had created. After meeting the saint and facing his own mistakes, the knight seemed to have disappeared.

Looking back, Luisen only saw Ruger’s blank face. There were only two of them, him and Ruger…

‘That’s right. It’s just an illusion.’

Luisen, after much internal struggle, shook off his fear and stepped into the woods.



*****



Luisen and Ruger walked silently. As they went, the road became narrower and the overgrowth of plant life climbed up to their knees. The old, long-standing trees were thick and dense, and darkness filled the gaps between the trunks. The two were hidden from the softly shining moonlight by their dense branches.

‘Ah, I think there’s something in front of me.’



Luisen walked forward step by step, even as he felt like he was about to cry. The lamp he was holding was enough to see the immediate area around his feet, but the flame was too small and weak to conquer the forest at night. A sudden wind shook the foliage. Luisen hunched his shoulders in terror.

‘Ugh…I’m scared to death.’

Luisen was still making steady headway, but what was scary was undeniably. He glanced at Ruger–he was silently following his master without a word. It would have been a lot less terrifying if he was spouting his usual inane conversations.

“My duke.”

“Huh? U-uh, yeah?”

“Are you sure we’re on the right track?”

“Yeah, we’re where we’re supposed to be.”

Luisen evaded Ruger’s true question. It wasn’t as if his aide was originally from Anies anyway. He was born and raised in the capital until he followed Luisen here; how would he know the surrounding geography well?

However, Ruger suddenly stopped.

“Why is my lord lying?”

At his unexpected words, Luisen felt like his heart was about to fall through his stomach. Quick-witted Jerk!! He was always clumsy when Luisen needed him but sharp at times like this! Ruger looked at Luisen with a frigid expression…enough to make Luisen wonder if this was the same servant who had simpered and begged him to run away.

“You’re going the opposite way.”

“N-no, I’m not?” Luisen stuttered. Damn it. He lamented his atrocious acting skills and non-existent wit.

“As expected,” Ruger said. “I thought something was weird. My cowardly duke choosing to lead the way with a map and a lamp? The road was so bumpy, and yet you didn’t get annoyed with me once? My lord definitely had another plan.”

“That’s…”

“Why are we headed towards Carlton’s barracks? Do you want to die?”

“We’re not dying! Why would I die?”

“Then what are you doing? Are you going to surrender and beg for your life?”

“……” Luisen’s silence affirmed all that was said.

“Are you serious? My lord, have you gone crazy?” Ruger couldn’t believe what he heard.

‘Yeah… I guess I seem crazy. It’ll look as if I’m putting my own head in the lion’s mouth.’

“Crazy. Absolutely mad. “No wonder he was so obedient about leaving. Damn.”

“I’m sorry I deceived you…but don’t worry. I have an idea.”

“My duke thought of something? You’ve lived without thinking so far!”

“…That’s a bit too much.”

It was a disrespectful remark, but Luisen couldn’t refute it. Ruger was someone who had been by his side all throughout his good-for-nothing trash days. Furthermore, Ruger was someone who died while helping Luisen escape… He was not in a position to yell at Ruger.

“It’s fine. It’s my fault for letting my lord lead. Let’s at least turn back now.”

“No, I have to meet Carlton. If you want to go to Dubless, I’ll give you the map. You can go on your own.”

“I can’t do that! How could I abandon my duke for safety, alone? You must go with me.”

“You can go alone.”

Ruger’s loyalty shined through, but Luisen’s heart was firm.

“I will force my lord to come with me, if it comes down to it.” Ruger inched closer, holding a fist. He was prepared to use physical force if his master wouldn’t listen.

“Hey! This is mutiny!” Luisen stepped back.

“It can’t be helped. If I don’t take you back to Dubless territory, I’ll die anyway.”

“Get a hold of yourself! Don’t be too scared… Just trust me?”

“I’d rather believe in our ‘fuzzy’ 1 than in you, my duke!”

“Hey! Fuzzy is my dog! That’s too much, really. Were you really such a brash person?”

It seemed persuasion was impossible. Luisen made a split-second decision, throwing the map and lamp into Ruger’s arms. When Ruger faltered at the new weight, Luisen turned and ran.

“I’m sorry!”





TN: thanks for joining me for these two chapters! Next up: The ML, finally O.O





Footnotes




Literal translation: Bokshil — furry…but I figure furry means something different in the English language haha





Chapter 6


Chapter 6

“My duke!”

Luisen ran like crazy. He had roughly memorized the right path, so he just had to avoid capture. Ruger followed close behind.

‘Why is he so good at running?’

Ruger ran like a bolting deer. Luisen mustered all the strength he could access from deep within him. His face turned red and sweat flowed like rain. Luisen’s body was not used to the rough and rugged forest path, filled with tree roots and stones. Back then, he would insist on riding on a carriage if he had to walk more than three steps.

Soon after, Luisen tripped *heroically* over some jagged pebbles, and Ruger, sporting a despondent expression, grabbed Luisen’s wrist. Luisen spent what strength he had, but ultimately the chase was cut short.

“My lord, why have you needlessly wasted energy like this?” Ruger asked dispiritedly.

“……”

He knew it was pointless. Though his heart would have crossed the forest twice already, his feet could not follow. Luisen hung his head, embarrassed.

However, Ruger then suddenly stopped approaching. “Shit,” he swore softly.

“……?”

‘Did he just curse? To me?’ Luisen’s eyes became comically round. “No matter how much I lied to you, isn’t cursing just too much? I’m still your master…”

“Not, not you, my duke.”

“Huh?”

Luisen looked forward. Yellow eyes were floating in the darkness. A loud and creepy growl broke the silence.

One by one, the eyes stepped forward. Short and green-skinned, bulging eyeballs set in a bizarre face, and skinny except for a bloated stomach…a goblin appeared.

“Why is a goblin here….”

Goblin.

Monsters that lived in the forest. However, they lived in the deep and humid wetland areas of the woods and never left their designated habitat.

They were generally afraid of large groups of people, so they never appeared close to the roads… So why were they here right now?

“Hide behind me.” Ruger had already drawn his sword. Luisen dove behind his back on instinct.

Three goblins approached them, but only Ruger had a sword. Though swordsmanship was considered an aristocratic endeavor and many noblemen cultivated such an ability, the four great lords concerned themselves more with matters of governance. Luisen was different from the general aristocracy; he ruled over those who would fight for him. Since he would never use the sword in any official capacity, he had never learned swordsmanship properly. He didn’t pack a sword for travel, either.

The old him didn’t want to learn before, but now he desperately wished he’d been more studious!

His retainers would bar him from using even a letter knife, worried that he’d hurt himself. Thus, if Luisen wanted to learn swordsmanship, he would surely meet vehement protests.

Anyway, the goblins in front of them were a more pressing issue. The green monsters narrowed the distance between them, little by little. Thankfully, Ruger, counter to his usual image, was quite proficient with the sword. The situation could have been worse.

“I’ll fend them off and then follow after you. Please run to the left, towards the direction of Dubless,” Ruger said.

“….Okay.”

Kek, Kek!

The goblins all attacked simultaneously. At the same time, Ruger lunged forward, sword aimed at one of their necks. Without any extraneous movements, his sword drew a clean cut across, beheading the monster.

Keghk! A single goblin instantly extinguished with a scream. A gap formed in the goblins’ siege.

‘Now!’

Luisen immediately ran through that gap, heading towards the enemy barracks.

“Duke! Ah, damn it! To the left I said!”

“Sorry!” Luisen shouted.

Ruger couldn’t follow as he was blocked by the goblins. Similarly, the two remaining goblins couldn’t turn to follow Luisen since Ruger’s sword demanded their attention.

But as he was running through the forest, a waiting goblin suddenly appeared out of the underbrush before him. Perhaps this goblin was a straggler, as it seemed surprised to see Luisen instead of its scout mates. Immediately, it pounced on him.

“Urk!”

Luisen stepped backwards to avoid the goblin’s nails. His heart felt as if it was about to burst, his throat clogged with the smell of blood. The muscles in his thighs were spasming, and his ankle felt sore whenever his foot touched the ground–perhaps he had sprained it as he was staggering around in the forest. Regrettably, the opposing goblin was quite agile. Luisen kept running backwards to escape but eventually stumbled onto the ground.

*thud*

“My duke!”

Ruger shouted, but he was unable to come and help his master. The goblin laughed sinisterly and rushed closer to Luisen, its small, yellow eyes glistening. It’s teeth, unlike a human’s, were dense and pointed, making horrible clacking sounds as they gnashed against each other.

The sight was dirty and horrifying.

Luisen began to crawl backwards, throwing whatever he could lay hands on in the goblin’s direction.

“Go away! Don’t come any closer!”

“Kek, kek.”

Luisen’s struggles had no effect. The goblin raised its club–which was the size of its own head–high in the air. Just one swing of that club would crush Luisen’s delicate head, sending him straight to heaven. These goblins were stronger than they seemed; they weren’t called monsters for nothing.

Perhaps dying with one quick swing wouldn’t be so bad?

Rather than living a long, clumsy, and useless life, maybe it would have been better to just die immediately. How many times before had he thought it would have been better to die than to live a sinful and painful life? When the saint moistened his lips with wine while the two slowly awaited the messenger of death’s scythe, Luisen had been afraid but also slightly relieved that he would finally be freed.

He couldn’t have imagined he would be sent back to the past.

‘But…If I died here, everyone would think I perished while running away, right?’

How pathetic. He would become a lord who perished at the hands of goblins after taking the wrong road while cowardly escaping battle.

If he died here, he would suffer a far worse reputation than what he had pre-regression. His name would pass as an insult between the little ones in the kingdom.

‘I can’t die here! Think about it, Luisen! How can I deal with monsters?’

Luisen suddenly recalled the words of the one-armed pilgrim, the saint he desperately believed in.

‘The eyes!’

Luisen grabbed some soil and threw it into the goblin’s eyes. Simultaneously, he kicked at it with all his might. It was a rather powerful kick, containing all his anger and his refusal to die so helplessly. The goblin’s body flew back with a thud, and the impact caused it to start convulsing.

‘……?’

Were his kicks really that strong? Did he have some hidden ability to kill goblins with one kick?

‘I didn’t think that would work.’

Luisen blinked. When he looked at the goblin corpse again, he noticed a spear piercing its body. The moment his feet had collided with the goblin, it seemed a spear had flown in and killed it.

‘If I hadn’t fallen back and kicked the goblin…I might have also died.’

Goosebumps travelled up his trembling skin. As he observed the corpse with fearful eyes, something in the dark caught his attention.

A death knight.

A black knight of death was standing in the darkness.

He wore black armor and a black cape–even his horse was all black. It was just as if a knight’s shadow had come to life. Slowly, his horse approached Luisen.

*rattle, clink*

The armor signaled his approach, rattling at the joints and scraping against itself with every movement. The chilling ring of the iron scratched at Luisen’s ears.

‘No, the knight of death is simply my own delusion. Nothing like that actually exists. Go away!’

But then…how did a spear pierce and kill the goblin? Was the knight actually real? Luisen opened his eyes slowly, and the death knight was still there…It seemed it was not an illusion.

Luisen’s face turned pale, and his heart began to skip beats. A white fog settled within his mind.

For a moment, Luisen had forgotten he was travelling to Carlton’s barracks to surrender, to prevent a tragedy.

‘He…He’s come to judge me. You’ve been chasing me…come to tear my body to pieces and cast my soul into hell.’

Luisen tried to crawl away from the death knight, but he ended up just wriggling on the ground. He felt as if his arms and legs were paralyzed.

A completely different pressure than when he had faced the goblin weighed down on Luisen. He felt suffocated. He was entranced, bound by the knight’s gaze, and couldn’t tear his eyes away. Though the moment lasted for only a second, time felt like it was dragging by.

The death knight opened his mouth, “Luisen Anies?”

“……?”

A low pitched voice had come from the gaps of the knight’s helm–a human?

Ironically, the chilling voice snapped Luisen’s spirit back into reality.

‘Huh? He talked? He called for me?’

Only then did Luisen notice that the knight in front of him was not headless. This man was not the knight of death from legends.

“That’s me,” Luisen responded.

The knight’s voice sounded somewhat derisive. He looked down upon Luisen with disgust in his eyes.

‘Who’s this anyway?’ Luisen thought. His gaze was one he couldn’t forget. It was the same gaze he’d received from passersby when he’d been wandering as a beggar.

“You are…”

The knight did not allow Luisen to ask questions. He suddenly grabbed Luisen by the collar and dragged his body, dangling in the wind like a piece of paper, upwards. Luisen was then loaded onto the horse’s rump like a piece of luggage. The saddle dug into his soft belly.

“Ngh!”

The knight turned his horse around and started to gallop. He sped up as if he had already forgotten his bedraggled passenger. The black horse ran at an unbelievable speed, not slowed down in the slightest by the addition of the weight of another adult man.





Chapter 7


Chapter 7

“My duke!”

“Ack, get this guy! Why is he so strong?!”

Behind him, Luisen could hear Ruger’s desperate shout and the sounds of fighting. However, Luisen could barely take care of himself. The forest was rough and unpaved. Every time the horse’s powerful hooves hit the ground, dust rose and pebbles bounced off of Luisen’s head.

Luisen held on with all his strength. He could fall off at any errant jostle! If he were to fall off the horse at this terrifying velocity, he would surely sustain a grave injury. There was nothing to hold onto, nor did anything properly tie him down, so he just plastered his whole body onto the horse.

When the horse jumped to avoid tree roots, Luisen’s body also flew upwards. Somehow he managed to stay on, but the hard saddle hit Luisen’s stomach with every leap.

“Hnnk! Urk! Ahh!”

A firm horse butt pressed against Luisen’s cheek, and the horse’s tail slapped his body. Blood began to pool in his head, and black spots entered his vision.

The moment he began to think ‘maybe it’s better to die…,’ the horse came to a stop. Luisen couldn’t hold on any longer and rolled down to the ground. A loud thud rang out from his impact.

Feeling dizzying pain from his tailbone, Luisen bowed his head to the ground and began to gag. His body still felt as if it was floundering on the running horse. Tears automatically formed at the corners of his eyes.

“Hurk. Hnngh.” In the midst of retching, Luisen began to hear laughter.

“Hahahahaha.”

‘You’re laughing? Am I funny right now?’

“What kind of foolish creature did you pick up from the woods? Did you go hunting? Are you going to eat him tonight?”

“That thing’s so skinny, I bet it won’t taste any good!”

The ones talking were incredibly rude and had no manners, like a bunch of gangsters.

‘Did I get dragged off by bandits?’

Luisen clutched at his dizzy head and raised his eyes. Against the backdrop of a temporary campsite, he saw numerous men. All of them were wearing armor and holding weapons. They were dressed too well to be mercenaries, but too carefree to be proper knights or soldiers.

A flag embroidered with a lion fluttered violently over their heads. The blue lion…a symbol of the royal family and also the symbol of the king. That flag could only be flown over the king’s presence or the king’s messenger. The lion was synonymous with the king’s will…though instead of the king, it now symbolized the first prince.

In any case, the identity of those who flew this flag became quickly apparent.

Carlton’s army……

‘Is this man Carlton….?’

There was much speculation about his ambiguous origins. Most believed him to be the son of a mercenary king rather than the illegitimate son of a noble. It was later revealed that he was part of a tribe of a thousand people in the northwest territory who raised horses for a living.

Carlton ran away from his home as a child and served as a mercenary wandering the monster-rich northern lands–before catching the eyes of the first prince and becoming his retainer. Thus, he became one of the most notable talents in the civil war, defeating many famous noble knights.

However, his characteristic rough temper and defiant attitude offended the aristocracy. As a result, when Prince Ellion finally ascended the throne, Carlton was the first to be eliminated in the new power structure.

An insult to the aristocracy? A typical excuse for killing the dog after the rabbit hunt. 1 An official proclamation of his execution was dispersed into the public…but many speculated that Carlton had managed to run away just before the execution. Perhaps he retreated to some mountain hovel and became a bandit, or perhaps he was converted to some religion in a temple.

Anyway, during the civil war, he was one of the first prince’s closest confidants.

“……You know me?” Luisen asked in a trembling voice.

“I heard the other guy call you duke.” Carlton was referring to Ruger. At that moment, the other soldiers who had gone hunting with Carlton returned with Ruger thrown around their shoulders. He didn’t seem to be hurt.

“I-I see.”

What could he do after hearing that statement? Luisen stuck out his tongue in frustration. Carlton’s words stirred the rest of the soldiers.

“Really? A noble? Isn’t a noble more clean than that?”

Luisen appeared incredibly bedraggled. He was covered in mud and goblin’s blood, and his hair and his clothes had become matted messes after riding on the rump of a horse. Only then did Luisen become aware of his appearance, and he attempted to recover some poise, albeit a little late.

He stood on shaky legs and dusted off some loose dirt from his pants. Then, with all his strength, he straightened his back, shook out his hair, and began to neatly organize his clothes. Nothing was made particularly neater, but the natural aristocratic elegance cultivated within his body was apparent in his motions. His years as a fugitive were harsh, but he could never forget his years as a nobleman.

As soon as he pushed away his fear, his delicate and sophisticated beauty shone like an heirloom. His cheeks glowed white in the moonlight, and flecks of gold sparkled in his hair.

Once he regained his delicate poise, his beggarly appearance became meaningless. Rather, he began to look like a noble young man with a dark backstory, like a main character from a minstrel’s story. The soldiers began to “ooh” and chatter exclamations amongst each other.

“I’ll introduce myself again properly. I am Luisen Anies, Duke of Anies.” Luisen raised his head and firmly looked at Carlton. He couldn’t guess what kind of expression might have been hidden behind the pitch black helmet. Ferocious and chilling eyes peered through.

‘Don’t show how beaten down you are. I’m not a fugitive, a bum, nor the kingdom’s biggest fool. Right now I’m the great lord Luisen Anies, a duke.’ Luisen inwardly repeated these words for courage.

That was what the saint had advised. What use was there in being afraid? His opponent was a person, not a god. And, as a human being, he was still an existence that couldn’t escape the disciplines and status shackled around his wrists by society.

Luisen’s body was the lord of vast farmlands; he should not be bullied anywhere.

The Duke of Anies? The owner of that castle? The soldiers were once again agitated. Carlton was the only one who remained composed. Then, he let out a barking laugh.

“You’re the Duke of Anies? I wasn’t sure, but I couldn’t believe that this ‘noble lady’ 2 was wandering through the woods at night like some fugitive running away from debtors.”

Carlton’s hostility was obvious. His tone was openly sarcastic and his eyes contained unconcealed contempt. Although societal norms would demand for deference for Luisen’s rank, he did not hide his disdain.

‘Ah…so scary. I’m scared to death.’

Luisen rebutted quickly, anxious that Carlton might whack him with those bear-like hands of his. 3

“Escaping under the cover of darkness? Absolutely not.”

“Then what could it be….Ah! Moonlight…a deserted area…two men together?” Carlton gestured inappropriately towards Luisen. When Carlton erupted into laughter, his soldiers followed along.

“You bastards! What is this disrespect! How dare you insult the duke!”

At Ruger’s outburst, Carlton’s eyes became more perilous.

‘Ah…please, stay quiet,’ Luisen thought.

Luisen gave Ruger a grudge-filled stare. Carlton wasn’t laughing because he found the situation funny; he wanted to thrash Luisen’s pride. Couldn’t he see how Carlton’s eyes didn’t smile?

Besides, Luisen was used to insults. Before his regression, he may have been known to blow his temper, but the current Luisen was different. He was used to even more derisive remarks and had been laughed at more than this. Why should he care about mere words when they came unaccompanied by physical pain?

“That’s not true either. I came here to meet you,” Luisen said.

“Me?”

“I didn’t expect to meet you in the woods like that. But in any case, I seem to have arrived at the right destination.”

Carlton looked doubtful. He seemed to think that Luisen was making excuses after getting caught in the midst of escape.

‘It’s okay…It’s all right…’

Luisen comforted himself and took out the white flag he had secretly brought. The flag was embroidered with golden wheat, the symbol of the Anies Duchy. He dropped to both knees 4 in front of Carlton and raised the flag over his head.

It was reminiscent of swearing an oath of allegiance to a king.

Though it would have been scandalous to kneel to a simple retainer…for Luisen, Carlton was more than the illegitimate prince’s agent. His future and his estate were at stake. When Luisen kneeled, all chatter disappeared. Only the sounds of grasshoppers could be heard in the silence.

“I, Luisen Anies, son of Robert and Tina Anies and duke of the golden hills, kneel before the blue lion and the prince’s proxy and plead for mercy.”

This time, even the grasshoppers were shocked into silence. Every single astonished member of the barracks stared at Luisen and Carlton. A cold wind blew around them, and Carlton’s horse snorted softly.





TN: We finally meet Mr. ML! Thank you guys for joining me for these two chapters!





Footnotes




Idiom for getting rid of your tools after you’ve used them

the world is also a homonym for lily, he’s at once calling the MC delicate and pretty but useless.

The correct idiom used was “cast-iron-pot hands,” basically, big heavy hands!

There’s uh…a lot of double entendres in the raws. This was one of them





Chapter 8


Chapter 8

“You’re going to surrender? Are you out of your mind, Duke?” Carlton smiled, dumbfounded. The sound of his laughter was jagged sharp, piercing Luisen’s back.

“You’re surrendering now? Then you should have opened your gates yesterday with open arms if you wanted to spare your life. We’re having a hard time out in the open, all because you’ve been stretching this battle out. So far, it seems like you’ve been expecting others to roll onto their stomachs by the force of your good name…”

Carlton slapped Luisen on the back of his shoulder, the force of which made his body reel. “Unfortunately, I’m not that merciful of a person. If you’ve started a war, you must take responsibility for it, my lord.”

Carlton began to slowly creep his sword out of its sheath. A hollow sound rang in the air, and he brought the tip of his sword up to Luisen’s nose.

“I’ll kill you first and then sweep through your land. I don’t know how to end things peacefully; those who fight me must be beaten to the bitter end. Especially a noble like you.”

This crazy bastard.

Fear threatened to overwhelm Luisen. The anger in the knight’s eyes was sincere; none of his words betrayed any hesitation. His nicknames, the butcher and the slaughterer, were no exaggerations. He was someone who had no qualms about killing aristocrats.

No, rather Carlton was enjoying this situation. While wandering, Luisen had met many folks who hated aristocrats. However, the difference between those men and Carlton was that the common man held fear for a noble’s power. However, Carlton did not share that fear.

‘I’m really going to die if this continues.’

Luisen’s back became wet with cold sweat. He had to think of something. He had to say something…no, not just anything. He had to say something to unnerve Carlton and to suppress his anger.

Luisen was already prepared for this situation.

He didn’t want to waste his second miraculous chance at life, so he had been thinking hard about how best to beg Carlton to spare his life. While walking along the forest road, he thought and thought again, revising his words.

However, Carlton was a crazier person that he could have imagined–a hopelessly mannerless one as well. No matter if they were currently enemies, the opposing lord should have been treated politely and not like human luggage. And if the enemy leader surrendered, one should listen carefully…but instead Carlton immediately took out his sword?

Carlton’s sword began to move.

‘Think. Get a hold of yourself, Luisen Anies. Think!’

He whipped himself with his words. His mind became blank, however, and he could only spit out one phrase.

“If I die, so will you.”

‘Ah. What’s this? I’m doomed.’

These were words that incite conflict, right?

“What?” Carlton’s countenance became more frightening. Luisen hiccuped once.

“Have you said all that you’ve wanted to say?” Carlton continued, “What glorious last words.”

“No, no!”

However, the words were similar to what he wanted to say. The overall meaning was conveyed, but the placating words Luisen had carefully chosen to soothe Carlton’s temper had all disappeared.

‘Ahh, why now?! I wanted to be level headed in my explanation!’

He felt an urgent need to rectify his words. Luisen quickly continued before Carlton could say anything else.

“What are you going to do after killing me? Can you manage the wrath of the first prince or the other nobles?”

“What will I do? The first prince will praise and reward me for executing his will,” Carlton said.

“You think the other aristocrats will allow you to get away with this? This body is still one of the remarkable great lords. My vassals will not remain peaceful.”

“Do you still believe anyone is on your side?”

“No, there’s probably no noble family willing to help.”

It was a bitter truth he’d experienced physically. Even if they were Anies vassals in name, the support base had long been divided and bankrupted by the princes’ struggle for the throne and civil war. Half of his retainers had switched to the first prince’s side, while those that still supported the second prince had lost political and military strength and could not afford to help Luisen.

“I have no one on my side, but you, too, have many enemies. If you kill me, they’ll clamor for your blood under the pretext of my murder.”

“I care not what the other nobles say. I only followed the prince’s orders. Prince Ellion has never punished me for killing anyone, no matter how important a noble he may be.”

“Yes, but those are civil war circumstances.”

At the beginning of the civil war, Prince Ellion was driven to a northern fortress in an initial defeat. To showcase his strength and to continue the momentum of victory, the prince severely punished the nobles who supported Prince Paris. Carlton’s cruelty proved to be the perfect display of strength, thus the prince deliberately overlooked Carlton’s behavior.

“Get a hold of yourself. The civil war is over,” Luisen said.

“…..”

Carlton wavered. Luisen didn’t miss how his eyes shook slightly through the gaps of his helmet. He had to have felt that the situation was changing rapidly. To have rapidly risen in status from the son of a low-class peasant to the prince’s confidant, he must have had more than brawn. It would have been more advantageous for Luisen if he wasn’t a fool who only had strength.

The first prince knew that once he would become king, the nobles would no longer be his enemies. They would become vassals who would pledge their allegiance and riches to him.

As soon as the civil war finished, the first prince would have started to see his world through different eyes. Yesterday they may have been an aristocrat who stood on the enemy’s side, but today they would be possible taxable resources and servants. A king’s subordinate would never dare violate the king’s authority.

The same went for the nobles. Even though they may fight as if their lives were on the line, they would not hesitate to join hands with the enemy to maintain their noble authority. They would marry and exchange political hostages for that goal. This was the enduring ruling-class’ philosophy.

If Carlton acted as he pleased, regardless of one’s status as enemy or ally, the nobles would all unite to eliminate him. His excellence only mattered in times of war–the nobles wouldn’t let any commoner dare defy the natural hierarchy. It was obvious the nobles were waiting, grinding their teeth, searching for the opportunity to pay back their humiliation.

In that sort of situation, the first prince must have thought deeply about how to best proceed. It would be a waste to eliminate a man of Carlton’s talents, and the prince held a debt of gratitude to him. However, he was far too merciless and aggressive to be part of his retinue. Carlton would have been the best hunting dog, if only he could have been controlled.

“That’s why the prince sent you here. He wanted to see if you can act tactfully and control your bloodlust,” Luisen said.

“….The prince is testing me?” Carlton asked.

“That’s right. Why else would you be sent here? As you know, all of our elite soldiers have been taken as prisoners of war; we lack the resources to fight properly. Even the foot soldiers enlisted by the southern nobles on the first prince’s side would have been enough to take care of us. Don’t you think this is excessive?”

“….”

“Put simply, it’s a test to determine whether or not you are a hunting hound that can distinguish what’s appropriate to bite or whether you are a rabid dog that needs to be put down. If you kill me, you’ll die.”

It hadn’t come out exactly as he’d planned, but Luisen finished speaking everything he had prepared. He sighed inside, ‘Did everything sound plausible?’

Although Luisen talked confidently, as if these were his own distinguished words, the ideas were not solely his own. His deductions were the combined efforts of bits of wisdom picked up from his wandering beggarly days and from the teachings of his saint.

If only he’d had half the insight he did now. Perhaps then he wouldn’t have lived so miserably. Even still, Luisen was not naturally smart. These were lessons he may have forgotten if not for the life or death nature of his situation.

In addition, this battle was a test for Luisen as well. The first prince desired a vision in which the Duke of Anies laid flat before his authority. He was testing to see if Luisen knew the value of his own life. A test to see if he knew how to behave and whether or not he could be loyal to the future king.

Before regression, both Carlton and Luisen failed spectacularly. Both of them chose the worst path, surpassing even the prince’s imagination. Luisen ran away during the battle’s climax, and Carlton, enraged, went wild, massacring everyone and setting the land ablaze.

‘The first prince probably didn’t know we’d be this reckless.’

As a result, Prince Ellion suffered greatly through a grievous famine as soon as he became king.

Anyway, Luisen had said everything he’d wanted to say. Carlton’s reaction?….Typical. He became very cross and sarcastic.

“Would someone who knows the prince’s intentions so well gather the mere farmers to defend their castle? In the middle of harvest season?”

“That’s….an internal issue,” Luisen spoke vaguely. It wasn’t a complete lie. If he were to say something unbelievable like he’d changed his mind after returning from the future…he would be strangled by Carlton’s bear-like hands.

“Ha, internal circumstances. Does that soothe your conscience? Did you think that I would just say ‘Ah? I understand’ if you spoke so lengthily? I came all the way here; I can’t return empty-handed.”

‘I’ve been talking for so long! I’ve explained twice over why your life would be forfeit!’ Seeing his words go in one ear and out the other, Luisen slowly began to get frustrated.

‘If I’ve argued this much, the least he could do is to pretend to think about it!’

“Then, why are you so agitated?” Luisen said.

“What?”

“Aren’t you feeling insecure about your position with the prince? You’ve come all the way down south, away from his retinue. You’re here feeling uncomfortable for some unknown reason, anxiously hunting and dragging your feet.”

“Me? Nervous?”

“If you don’t believe me, cut my throat here. In the coming new year, you will hang from the wall.”

“You–!” Carlton raised his sword high. Luisen distantly heard Ruger’s screams of “My lord!” and “Oh my god!” Though he was trembling, Luisen still kept eye contact, glaring at Carlton through the small gap in his helmet.





TN: Backbone, we love to see it. Thanks for reading guys (And, lmao, that enemies part of the enemies to lovers tag really putting in work.)





Chapter 9


Chapter 9

Carlton looked Luisen in the eye, sword held high. His blue eyes were terrified, but they held no deceit. There was no doubt these were innocent eyes.

Moreover, every single one of his words penetrated Carlton’s heart. They accurately agitated the anxiety and sense of disharmony he vaguely felt. He became angrier partially because there was no way to contradict what Luisen had said.

“Damn it!” Carlton threw his sword onto the ground. At the clanging sound, Luisen deflated like an empty sack.

‘Ah, I’m alive.’

He shivered. Carlton kicked the ground, cursed, and threw off his helmet.

Luisen looked at him rapturously–he had a far more handsome appearance than he could have ever imagined. He didn’t expect such a good-looking face underneath the black helm. His rough, chiseled jawline particularly complimented his fierce aesthetic. His black hair, wet with sweat, was in disarray. It was not neat, but rather than looking dirty, the tousled effect gave off a wild aura.

“Let’s redo it.” Carlton nodded at Luisen’s hand with his knife-like jawline. Luisen looked down; he had been clutching tightly at the white flag this whole time.

“Ah.” Surrender again?

Luisen once again knelt down and offered the flag high in the air. He did not beg for his life’s mercy twice, though. Without speaking, Carlton snatched the flag from his fingers.

Then, raising the white flag high, he declared victory. The soldiers in the barracks cheered loudly. The sun began to rise like a torch burning ceremoniously upon an important event. Luisen, still kneeling, looked at the white flag flying against the dawning night sky. The kernels of the golden wheat grains embroidered on the flag sparkled like stars.



***

After a very plain surrender process, things proceeded like rapidly rushing torrents. Carlton’s army dexterously packed up their tents and demolished their temporary holdings. The soldiers who returned from battle lined up neatly. In an instant, all clean up was finished, and Carlton’s army marched towards the duke’s castle.

Carlton led the army from the front.

His deputy, who followed along beside him, asked anxiously, “Is it really okay for us to just go like this?”

“According to my spy, it’s not a trap.”

“If you say so….”

According to the spies placed in the fortress in advance, the castle was overwhelmed with defending the location and could not afford to lay traps. Carlton had thought of the possibility that Luisen would be pretending to surrender while lying in wait for a devious opportunity, but that situation seemed unlikely. Still, Carlton’s deputy was deeply concerned since the current situation was far from the usual routine.

Were there any others who were obsessed with the propriety of useless procedures as much as nobles? Even if there was no place to run after the castle fell, nobles would definitely declare surrender surrounded by their servants and knights, pretending to be composed and mighty. However, Luisen came with only one servant to kneel upon bare ground?

Incredulous, the deputy kept staring backwards. Luisen slowly followed on a horse. His smooth, pale skin and bright gold hair shone even though they were dirty–smeared with dust and mud. Though he was surrounded by enemies, the deputy felt that Luisen seemed relaxed, as if he were in no hurry.

That leisurely confidence. Perhaps that was the mark of a great lord.

“I’ve heard that the Duke of Anies was a useless pushover. But, seeing him here, nobles really are noble…That composure…”

“What an unlucky man,” some soldier said. Carlton stared at Luisen, irritated.

‘Ugh, did I do anything wrong? Stop staring at me.’

Luisen wanted to cry. Why did he keep staring daggers at him? It was already hard enough trying to ride a horse…

In fact, Luisen was awfully bad at riding. His slow, relaxed pace was actually because he could not go any faster without falling. His upright position was a result of his tense muscles, concentrating hard on maintaining balance.

However, Carlton and his companions would never think Luisen couldn’t ride a horse. Riding was a basic skill of the aristocracy, allowing the nobles to condescendingly look down upon the peasantry from their high seat. Of course, Luisen’s noble appearance also contributed to the illusion.

‘I should have slapped him around a bit first before listening to him.’ Carlton had been in a bad mood since the start of the trip.

Though the civil war was not officially over, the first prince’s retainers acted as if everything was finished. The atmosphere was complacent, noisily dividing their share of war prizes. Those who used to be blood brothers would bite and snap at each other for a bigger share. Of course, on the surface they maintained the image of placid waters, keeping conflicts underwater.

In the midst of that mess, all nobles secretly united under the goal of sprinkling ashes upon Carlton’s future.

‘How dare this peasant not know his place!?’ The nobles were of this state of mind.

Currently, Carlton’s worth was still too big and the first prince still cared for him, so the nobles couldn’t flaunt their hatred openly. They could only sarcastically make remarks behind turned backs, vowing to boil and eat him. These were remarks that Carlton may have poked fun at during the war…but now they held an uncomfortable kernel of promise.

Under these circumstances, being sent to the south to suppress the Duke of Anies had fanned the flames of anger. It wasn’t enough to just merely stay by Prince Ellion’s side and receive one more accolade. Carlton’s head hurt from trying to navigate his relationship with the prince, who was constantly receiving gossip from the nobles regarding his matters.

The nobles were busy gorging themselves upon the joy of victory in the capital. Carlton wondered if he was ordered to clean up the remnants of the war because he was low-class; perhaps if he were a nobleman, he wouldn’t be such a pariah. Now that the civil war was over, would his usefulness come to an end? Beyond obligations, he felt a sense of duty. Besides, the first prince himself commanded him to tie up loose ends–it was impossible to reject this order.

In the face of such powerlessness, Carlton wanted to make an example of the Anies Duchy to declare his undiminished robustness. The Duke of Anies was an existence that symbolized nobility far greater than the mosquitos at the capital. Through the duke’s total domination, he had wanted to imprint fear on all the nobles who began to underestimate him.

But, now that he was at the front gate, Carlton felt uncomfortable.

‘It’s too easy. It’s good that things were easy, but that makes me feel on edge. What’s going on?’ he thought.

The more he thought about it, the less answers he had. Furthermore, he had been delaying victory because of this sense of unease. This feeling had made him abandon his duties as a commander to begin hunting during the night. To destress, to take the time to relax.

He couldn’t have imagined that he’d receive his answers from Luisen Anies, captured during his hunt. Carlton felt even worse now, since Luisen had pinpointed other doubts that he himself wasn’t even aware of.

‘What kind of man is Luisen Anies?!’

He was that stupid fellow who got dragged around by the second prince. It may have been another matter if he was cautiously using the prince for some sort of advantage…but he was a pushover of a man who had spent and lost all his supplies and troops.

Furthermore, his fellow trash lords–the very same friends that would laze about in the capital together–would rather take an oath of service to the enemy future-king. He had lost control to the extent that even his capital friends refused to extend a helping hand. If he were to spend his days wasting at the capital, then he should have built his own political base. It was natural that Luisen had procured a reputation of being a fool who was born with a good umbilical cord and nothing else.

If he hadn’t been born as the duke’s son, or even if the duke had one more child, Luisen would have joined the rats and birds in the streets.

That had been Carlton’s assessment of Luisen…

‘He’s somehow different from what the rumors said,’ he thought.

Luisen’s argument was absolutely essential to Carlton at this point. The war was over. The young first prince would become king. There was no point to discussing who the king would prioritize among the nobles he had history with and the mercenaries he picked up on a whim in the northern lands. Luisen’s comments were tantamount to a sobering poke in Carlton’s careless ribs. He’d returned to his senses.

People everywhere said that nobles were special beings who bled blue. They may have been the same species, but nobles could access a different perspective; as such, it was natural for them to reign over others. The average citizen accepted that they should live as they are told.

Carlton had defied that mindset all his life, but this time he was completely defeated by Luisen’s insight. He couldn’t believe that such a pushover could divine a wisdom which his strength of body could not overcome.

‘You’ve provoked your enemies to your heart’s content, and yet you seem calm. Is that the greatness of true blue blood? That can’t be true…Maybe he was lucky somehow. Maybe someone assisted him.’

Carlton didn’t want to admit that he was somehow worse than Luisen. However, it was true that he accepted Luisen’s surrender after a few words of persuasion. His words were just too plausible to ignore. It was as if somehow Luisen had seen the future and knew exactly what would happen afterwards.

‘…We’ll see. I’ll pay him back for this displeasure at any sight of falsehood.’ Carlton gritted his teeth.

A ways back, Luisen felt a cold chill for no discernible reason.

The procession finally arrived before the front gates. Carlton stopped the army procession and watched the duke’s reaction.

Carlton’s remaining soldiers on the castle walls withdrew, drunk off the relaxed atmosphere. Without warning, Carlton’s blue flag could be seen flying in the air. However, next to the blue lion, a flag emblazoned with golden wheat fluttered as well.

‘Eh? Why is that there?’ the inhabitants of the castle thought. Then, following the flag, they discovered Luisen.

‘Why is our lord over there?’

The castle became a mess. The castle’s denizens began to call for their superiors and were asking what had happened.

“Those guys really are surprised, aren’t they?” the deputy said.

“This isn’t an illusion. Everything’s too chaotic…..They really had no idea that their lord left to surrender,” Carlton agreed with his deputy as he carefully scrutinized the castle walls. “There must have been some internal struggle. The young duke was genuine.”

“The duke seems to be afraid of his retainers. Perhaps he has no real position within the castle?”

Even so, how could the duke run barefoot across the woods to surrender? It seemed as if the internal chaos wasn’t ordinary.

“It’s worth seeing him in such a sorry state.”

“Like this, will the duke not have become a traitor to his people? Perhaps it would be best for us to keep the duke under seclusion…”

“Leave him alone. They won’t kill him.” Carlton chuckled, a bit grumpily–he wanted to see Luisen shaken off his pedestal.





TN: Thanks for joining me on this slow burn journey for these two to no longer distrust each other lmao.





Chapter 10 - End of part 1


Chapter 10



Carlton’s army was able to simply enter the duke’s castle, rendering the two days of battle futile. With the owner of the castle, Luisen, standing at the front, the gate which had not opened despite all imminent threats began to creep ajar.

The people stationed at the outskirts had no idea why Luisen appeared from outside the walls, nor why he was with the enemies. However, they had no choice but to open the gates for their lord.

As soon as Carlton stepped foot inside, he skillfully disarmed most of the still-resisting soldiers and seized the castle. Many of the soldiers were peasants in the first place. When the gate unlatched, many were shocked and preoccupied with running away.

The retainers, who had heard the news from a messenger from the outer walls, gathered in front of the inner door. Rather than to welcome Carlton, they were practically salivating to catch Luisen and figure things out.

“I’ll give you a moment to have a conversation.”

At Carlton’s kind offer, Luisen’s complexion became pale. The brazen, pretentious image of a noble disappeared, and it was replaced by an expression befitting a pig being dragged to a slaughterhouse. He gulped back a cry of denial. Carlton observed his demeanor, pleased.

‘Ah, come on! It’s common sense to separate the lord from his advisors so they can’t do anything foolish!’

However, he was too afraid of Carlton to complain and couldn’t utter a single protest. Instead, he was pushed into the conference room with the rest of his retainers. Luisen turned around hesitantly.

The conference room was filled with terrible silence. As if to ask each other what had happened, the retainers simply stared at one another. Luisen felt as if their gazes were choking him.

He sweated profusely. Unable to stand the silence, he began talking.

“I surrendered.”

“Are you out of your mind?” the normally soft-spoken treasurer shouted.

Though the others in the room did not raise their voices, they all agreed silently with him. Is he sane? Is he crazy? What on earth has our lord done?! Even if they didn’t voice their thoughts, Luisen could see their questions written plainly on their faces.

“So what will we do now?”

“You’ll be seen as a traitor! This matter won’t just blow over.”

“Don’t you know why that barbarian was sent here? He was tasked with razing the whole kingdom, leaving no survivors!”

“What the hell were you thinking? Surrendering?!”

The knight commander clenched his fist and hit his chest, trying to chase away his frustration. Swords and armor were confiscated from the pitiful-looking knights–they stared at Luisen with a despondent expression. The tender-hearted servants around them wept as they imagined a terrible future.

“There’s nothing to worry about. We’ll all be fine,” Luisen said.

“How so?” the treasurer asked.

“What the first prince wants is not the fall of our dukedom.” Luisen once again told the others what he had told Carlton. All his theories, his knowledge for why Carlton was sent here, the first prince’s test for both of them.

“And so Sir Carlton agreed. There will be no pillaging in our lands, nor will he harass our people.”

“Is that true?”

The treasurer was surprised to hear that the enemy would not be looting them. Maintaining the army required a great deal of wealth. Without the backing of a wealthy family, supplies would run thin, so looting recouped losses. In particular, mercenaries like Carlton were famous for their lack of compassion and were no different from bandits.

“Carlton is following the prince’s orders to gather the allegiances of the southern lords that were not originally on Prince Ellion’s side. Peaceful transition would be impossible without our help, so the enemy is being cautious.” It was hard to find fault with Luisen’s claims. His uncharacteristic cleverness impressed the butler, who had already unconditionally favored him. However, most of the others doubted Luisen.

They may have listened if these same words came from another’s mouth. But from Luisen….it was an issue…

‘The lord can’t possibly say something intelligent…’

‘Can we believe those claims? Isn’t he just spouting drivel from that mouth?’

All of the advisors in the duchy did not trust Luisen at all. He was a lord who had never stayed in the territory for longer than a month within a year. Perhaps they could have trusted him if he were to stay still, but he was the type of trash to get into scandal after scandal. He was the one to throw his quiet family into the whirlwind of civil war.

Instead of listening to Luisen, who squandered the respected position as the Duke of Anies, the retainers looked towards the general, who had effectively led the estate on Luisen’s behalf. What did he think of these claims?

Bearing the weight of confused gazes, the general opened his mouth calmly.

“Whether the duke’s judgement was logical or not, the gates have already been opened. Carlton’s soldiers have already taken control of the castle. All we can do now is wait.”

“But commander, even so….”

“Do you have a better idea?”

The general neither affirmed nor denied Luisen’s words. Luisen felt even more anxious, waiting for some kind of judgement.

""



“But I’m disappointed, my lord.”

Luisen’s heart dropped. To him, the general was more than just a retainer. He was his teacher, a replacement for his father. On one hand, he was sick of being under his control; on the other hand, he was afraid to disappoint him. Even now, the general’s statement tormented his heart.

“Once again you’ve arbitrarily run off without properly consulting anyone.”

“I apologize……”

“Even if you were to surrender, there are procedures that suit the status of a duke. You ignored all that and went to the enemy camp alone, kneeling to another. What would the people of the kingdom think of this?”

“…They’d probably say that I was terrified and begged for my life. That I threw away all dignity.”

“And you….knowingly made that mistake?” The general took a deep breath, trying to constrain his rising anger. His tone was as calm as always, but there was unmistakable fury hidden within his voice.

“I’ve taught you time and time again. Whatever you do, think of the honor of the Anies Duchy,” the general continued.

“I did…” Luisen mumbled. He always felt like a 10-year old child when standing in front of the general. The general had given up on past Luisen’s indifference and laziness, but he would not concede on maintaining a noble’s honor.

The dukedom was the royal family’s granary. Without the wheat produced from this territory, the kingdom could not survive. The Anies family had ruled this land longer than the royal family without ever being invaded.

The general loved this land, and he was proud of dedicating his life to the duke’s family. Knowing how much he had pledged to the duchy, Luisen couldn’t raise his head in front of him.

But Luisen did not have any regrets. This decision was perhaps the best choice he had made in his time as a lord. It was regrettable that the general’s pride and heart were inevitably hurt.

""



“Honor and pride do not save lives,” he said.

“And does someone who idled their life away as a delinquent have the right to say that?”

“Just be honest and say that you wanted to live. You haven’t stayed at the estate for longer than a month since you were sixteen, so don’t make the excuse that you somehow care for the territory now. Didn’t you say you had no desire to waste time in a rural village and instead wanted to be in the capital with your friends?”

Luisen felt the governor’s long-standing resentment from his words.

‘Did I say things like that?’

Luisen was speechless. To be honest, he had no memory of any of this. No matter how hard he tried, his delinquency was a dim, hazy memory of many years ago. He only knew how he chased pleasure, like water chasing water.

“Let’s stop this argument. As the general said, we have no choice but to sit still and wait.” The treasurer stepped up to mediate, “Let’s hope the lord’s judgement was correct.”

“Tch. How did we become people who would wait around for a mercenary’s instructions.”

The general left without hiding a single ounce of his disappointment. The knight commander quickly followed as well. The treasurer hesitated, noting the tension between Luisen and the general, but ultimately followed the two out of the room. As each minister and the heads of each organization filed out of the conference room, everyone else also made themselves scarce.

They gave Luisen pointed and hostile glares. Some even sighed or cursed quietly. According to the mood, if Luisen were not the lord, he would have been stoned as a traitor by now.

“Are you all right, my lord?” The butler remained to console Luisen.

“Everyone is just very proud of the duchy and this estate. It’s the first time in history that these southern lands have been conquered, so everyone’s pride is smarting. They’re searching for avenues to lash out. They’ll understand you…gradually.”

“….Thank you,” Luisen sighed. The consoling butler also did not seem to trust in his judgement. He just had more compassion for Luisen than anger for his actions.

‘My past truly is a shackle on my ankle. It’s all my fault.’

That’s right, who told him to act like trash? This was why people said that it was best to live a sincere, kind, and faithful life.

Though the fact that no one understood his true feelings made him sad, Luisen accepted his fate calmly. He had known it would be like this–actually it was more heartbreaking than he had prepared himself for, but this hurt was inevitable. The past could not be erased.

But that was okay. The horrid night he had regretted had already passed, and a new morning, a new hope, had arrived. The unhappy future had already shifted. He would no longer wander around miserably and suffer the harassment from the spirits of those he had indirectly killed.

He had made a new future for himself.

When Luisen looked out the window, he saw the panorama of the dukedom under the soft glow of the morning sun. The endless fields of wheat sported a deeper golden color, more so than any other harvest season.

***

Since the day the duchy was seized, a blue lion flag hung next to the golden wheat flag that symbolized the Anies family. News of the duke’s defeat spread throughout the entirety of the southern region.

No one was predicting the duke’s victory. The general public rather laughed at the absurdity of the duke’s choice to fight back. However, the blue flag hanging at the castle still came as a shock.

How did the duke feel when he knelt to Carlton who, despite being the first prince’s agent, was still a mercenary from the common people? What would happen now to the duchy and the citizens of the south? Many people desperately observed the castle, but no further news arrived.

Carlton and his men took control with remarkable skill and neutralized all enemy forces. They locked the gates to the castle and simultaneously banned all access.

“I bet something terrible is happening there.”

“As expected of Carlton. I don’t know if anyone in that castle will be left alive.”

“Then, what’ll happen to the duke?”

The common people expected hell to unleash–Carlton and his troops were just too notorious.

“I bet he’s alive but…to the pride of a great lord…he’d be living without truly being alive.”

Everyone thought the same. People sympathized with Luisen’s situation. Though they thought him foolish and may have cursed his name, they didn’t think he deserved the horrors Carlton would inflict upon him. Either way, the people agreed that his future looked extremely bleak and miserable.





TN: Thanks for joining me till the end of part 1! Part two will start up soon (As in I’ll upload soon haha). I’ve been a bit busy due to exams and essay due dates. There’s a long road to redemption for the MC and….a long road to becoming a good human being for the ML lmao.





Chapter 11


Chapter 11

Episode 2: If one problem is solved, another appears.

Ruger stood in front of the lonely guest room, located in a remote corner of the duke’s castle. The soldier guarding the door inspected the tray Ruger had brought. Meanwhile, he gave a long sigh.

Luisen was chased away to this room after losing his bedroom, the nicest room in the castle, to Carlton. Luisen had said he offered the bedroom willingly to Carlton, but most of the servants seemed to think he had been forced out.

‘How could the Duke of Anies end up like this….’

The guard finished his examination and opened the door. Ruger nodded his head briefly at him and entered the room. Luisen had already woken up, changed his clothes, and sat at the table without a servant to help him. At his appearance, Ruger let out another sigh.

Luisen was always surrounded by the finest of materials and waited upon by a dozen servants. He would pay no attention to things unless they were expensive and precious. Of course, he had always stayed in a refined and splendid mansion within the capital as well.

‘This room, by comparison….’

The room was spacious and clean, but the furniture was worn-down and the decorations were old-fashioned. The space seemed even shabbier as Ruger compared it to an empty storage room.

Furthermore, Luisen was not assigned any attending servants. All of the duke’s servants were busy cleaning up after Carlton and his men. Only Ruger stayed behind to attend for Luisen, but it was hard for him to finish the work of many people. He prioritized retrieving meals on time and keeping the room clean–and even that was tiring. As a result, Luisen washed himself, clothed himself, and took care of his own needs.

From Ruger’s perspective, Luisen was someone who had never lifted a finger for himself; he would wear pajamas all day long if the servants didn’t prepare a change of clothes.

‘Ha….The duke is somehow brought low like this….’ Ruger thought Luisen looked so pitiful.

Ruger put the meal down on the table; the meal’s quality was less than what the duke would usually be served. Bread, soup, meat, and various vegetables–poor barons in the capital would eat more extravagantly than this–though certainly the meal was plentiful for Luisen’s changed life. The butler secretly wiped away tears thinking about his master’s current situation.

But Luisen was different.

“It’s a feast today, too!” He happily welcomed the shabby, unfit for a noble meal. Ruger looked at Luisen in bewilderment.

“What’s wrong? Do you have anything to say? Can you say it while I’m eating–I’m quite hungry.”

Ruger did not know whether or not Luisen was trying to stay positive, or whether he was simply air-headed. The one who had his pride scarred the most, the one who should have been the most melancholy, seemed perfectly fine.

“No. Please eat.”

“Mhmm,” Luisen answered brightly, and began eating.

First, he cut off a large piece of the bread and *aang* pushed it into his mouth. While chewing the bread, he gulped down the nice hot soup in one long slurp. Then, he calmly targeted the vegetable and meat dishes. Luisen ate happily, the sincerity of the feeling disseminating through his whole body.

‘Since when did my duke eat so well…?’

The Luisen that Ruger remembered would always look apathetically at his meals. Even when the royal chef prepared particularly ambitious food, with ingredients that would appear once in a decade, Luisen would offer no appreciation nor admiration. The chefs in the mansion had a hard time trying to satisfy his short mouth…But now Luisen was gnawing on a chicken leg, chewing the salted gristle.

‘Three hours ago, he ate three apples–cores and all–because his mouth was bored.’ At times like this, Ruger felt that he wasn’t serving the same lord as before. He had an inexplicable feeling that there was a beggar wearing his lord’s skin?

‘I’ve heard of cases where binge eating relieves psychological pressure….Is he in shock?’ Ruger looked at Luisen with a complicated gaze.

Ignorant to all the misunderstandings Ruger was crafting inside his head, Luisen was just ecstatic at his delicious meal.

‘As expected, bread really is the best.’ In his beggar days, he had scrambled to eat bread as hard as bricks that had been thrown into the trash…But white bread made only with wheat that was so soft it melted in the mouth? Luisen was in bliss.

‘The best! Surrendering was such a good idea.’ He passed his days captive as if he were having the most satisfying time in his life.

When mealtime arrived, Ruger would bring freshly prepared, warm meals. the tables were laden with fruit–he only had to reach with his hands to take his fill. Luisen could sit still and still have enough food to fill his belly.

Ruger lamented the shabbiness of the room, but the bedroom, which had working walls, a roof, and heating, was just like a palace for Luisen. If he had wanted to sleep in a random barn overnight, he would’ve had to show all sorts of flattery to the barn’s owner just for a bit of hay. He had no fear of being covered in frost while sleeping, nor did he have to stay on guard all night for fear of being attacked by a wild dog.

After a night of sleeping, swaddled in the soft downy mattress, Luisen felt so refreshed in the morning that he felt as if his body could fly. And all these benefits were free! This preferential treatment was thrown at him through the force of his name and status as duke!

In the past, it was so easy to take all this for granted–privilege came as easily as breathing. Now, though, he looked at this treatment with new eyes. Perhaps because he had corrected his mistakes, he felt like he could take some pride in his role.

Well into his dinner, there came a knock on the door, and Carlton’s soldier stepped into the room. Luisen froze with a spoon halfway to his mouth. Him again? Was this the end of his happy days?

“I was asked to escort the duke,” the soldier said.

“I’m in the middle of eating……”

“You must go right now, without delay.”

“….I see.”

Luisen put down his spoon and washed his hands clean in the wash basin that Ruger had brought.

“Do you always have to run when called? Isn’t he timing this on purpose? You’re always summoned in the middle of a meal,” Ruger whispered to Luisen.

Luisen agreed with his suspicions, but there was no choice. He could not afford to be stubborn.

“….I have to go.” He gazed down at the table. Warm food stared back at him.

Half-eaten chicken legs sang to Luisen affectionately, ‘Are you really going to abandon me like this? Truly?’ Luisen knew that if he left now, all this perfectly good food would be thrown away–his heart was breaking at the waste.

But he had to go.

“If I don’t go, I don’t know how Carlton will retaliate…” Luisen murmured melancholically.

*****

Contrary to popular expectations of pained screams and crying, the inside of the duke’s castle was quiet. Luisen’s words at the time of surrender seemed to have led Carlton to a revelation.

Carlton was careful not to cause problems while keeping his men under control. How harsh the military discipline must have been–even those who had nothing to do with Carlton’s occasional scoldings shriveled in sympathy for their comrades.

Carlton’s soldiers were mostly mercenaries; they were rough and cruel, but they were also well disciplined. They did not cause any scandals. According to the butler, they sometimes quarreled with the more energetic servants, but these scuffles could be overlooked.

It seemed the brutal events that occurred during Carlton’s occupation of other territories did not occur through Carlton’s lack of discipline over his men but through his explicit permission. However, no one was brave enough to complain about that–that had happened on other properties, not their own.

Luisen arrived at the room Carlton was using as his office. Worry bred anxiety within his chest; he could feel his heart thumping.

“Haaa.” He took deep breaths but still couldn’t seem to relax.

“Shall I open the door?” his escort asked.

“Yes.”

He gave his permission to open the door but couldn’t control his heart. Not long after the soldier complied, Luisen entered the room.

Carlton was deep within his work at his desk. As soon as he heard Luisen enter, he smiled and stood up from his seat. As if they were two friends that had met outside on the street, he approached quickly and placed his hands over Luisen’s shoulders. As soon as his big hands wrapped around his shoulders, Luisen’s heart sank to his stomach.

‘Ah, my heart hurts.’

Carlton dragged Luisen’s helpless body to the sofa. After sitting him on top of the cushions, Carlton sat himself in a low position before him.

“Here you are, Duke. I’m sorry I called you so suddenly.”

“Yes, it’s nothing…”

“I don’t know much, so I need my lord’s advice from time to time. Please understand with your generous heart.” Carlton’s attitude was impeccably polite. He treated Luisen like a superior; he showed respect and used formal language. Despite Luisen’s awkward responses, he maintained a friendly attitude and an open smile.

That. That right there was why Luisen was scared.

‘I don’t know when he’ll change again.’ Luisen was reminded of a few days ago, the night he surrendered.

Carlton had held a banquet to celebrate his victory, to which he also invited Luisen.

‘Should I or should I not go?’ Luisen was in a far too ambiguous position to easily join the celebrations, but he was too cautious to reject the invitation. He had no desire to give Carlton any impression of dissatisfaction.

‘Maybe it would be better to attend, since none of the other retainers are going.’ Luisen, still worried, attended the banquet.

As the banquet was held in Carlton’s honor, Luisen had expected to become an object of ridicule. He went with the determination to endure all mockery. Unexpectedly, Carlton treated Luisen with nothing but respect. Carlton’s men also cautiously aimed to please him.

Luisen was wary of Carlton’s schemes, so he was cautious and suspicious at first. However, the banquet food was so delicious–high-quality liquor that wrapped his tongue, food as far as the eye could see. So, little by little, the tensions began to ease and his boundaries began to soften.

When the atmosphere of the party was at its climax, Carlton approached Luisen.





TN: Thanks for joining me! I’m entrenched in the middle of exams so I’m stockpiling some chapters >.< Hopefully that means that it’ll get released like normal.





Chapter 12


Chapter 12

“I’ll pour you a drink, Duke.”

“Uh, okay.”

Carlton chuckled and poured alcohol into Luisen’s glass. Seeing Carlton so well-mannered, Luisen realized what great change he had brought about today.

After being sick, dying, coming to the past, and almost dying again several times…he had corrected many regrets in life. Even the scary Carlton was acting somewhat obediently, wasn’t he? The sense of accomplishment, that he had done it all despite his lack of strength, made Luisen feel flattered.

As the saint said, Carlton was neither a ghost nor a monster. He was a person, albeit an extraordinary common person. But he, too, could not be free of societal norms. He poured alcohol with the same intensity as he had when killing others…To be very honest, Luisen found it slightly amusing.

‘I guess Carlton wasn’t such a big deal.’

As soon as that thought entered Luisen’s mind, Carlton’s face immediately hardened and all traces of laughter disappeared. Like a volcanic eruption, anger burst in his eyes. Carlton’s hands were faster than Luisen’s brain–before he could process the change, Carlton grabbed him by the collar and threw him onto the table.

Wham!

The dishes scattered with a crash as the table broke in two. The impact on Luisen’s body was enormous–for enough force was used to break sturdy furniture. Luisen whined at the sudden pain. He couldn’t figure out what happened or why his back was aching.

Carlton poured alcohol on Luisen’s hair with an expressionless face.

“Ugh, what are you doing? What is this? You know who I am.”

“You’re the Duke of Anies, a prolific great lord.”

“You know that, so why….”

“So what?”

The bright lights of the chandelier above left dark shadows over Carlton’s face. His eyes, devoid of friendliness, were filled with intense hatred and murderous intent.

“Whenever I see people like you, I want to tear off their limbs. People like you who were born aristocrats, ignoring and underestimating me while living off the fat of the common folk. I became a mercenary because I wanted to punish you all.”

These were the words of the famous mercenary that made a name for himself in the civil war. The rumor must have been true: the first prince brought Carlton under his command after seeing him break a noble’s head on the battlefield.

Luisen had no desire to properly confirm the depths of Carlton’s hatred for the nobles. In fact, if Carlton had fully decided to kill him, Luisen would be helpless. No one would be able to save the duke.

The servants holding platters had made themselves scarce, and Carlton’s men stood still, looking at their leader. Luisen imagined that the moment Carlton gave his orders, the men would, laughing, draw their swords and repeat the massacres of the past.

“Still, this is a waste of my merits, so I’ll try to be patient, hmm?” Carlton’s hands gripped at Luisen’s neck. His hands were rough and firm, strong enough to easily twist Luisen’s thin neck. In his grasp, Luisen’s heartbeat thumped loudly.

The noble butcher!

His opponent was Carlton. The black knight who would someday come to reap his soul, from whom Luisen had fled in both dreams and real life.

Luisen’s body trembled. Memories of old horrors began to flood in; old fears returned like a beloved stalker. He became, at once, that same foolish lord again–the one who abandoned his estate and became a fugitive.

""



‘I’m scared. Help me. He’s finally here to kill me! Saint, please, save me from this mercenary.’ Luisen prayed deep within his heart, but the saint did not answer.

“It would be better for you, Duke, to maintain your fear of me,” Carlton told Luisen in an almost ticklish, polite tone.

‘Answer…you have to answer.’ Luisen moved his stiff head. Once, twice…countless nods.

Only then did Carlton let Luisen go. He returned to smiling and polite courtesy, as if this incident had never happened.

Carlton had never threatened Luisen since. However, the memory of the banquet conjured up the deep fear that Luisen had forgotten since he’d met the saint. Now, without his savior to help calm him down, Luisen was left to face the consuming fear alone.

‘What a scary fellow. Instead of being a mercenary, maybe he should be a fortune teller?’

Luisen had thought about ignoring Carlton for a tiny bit as he handed him some alcohol. Perhaps he had grasped Luisen’s mood through some minute changes in his expression. That foolish thought only passed within seconds, but, unbelievably, he recognized that short sliver of condescension.

Even if a brief moment of tactlessness became apparent, wouldn’t most people usually let that slight go? Carlton really didn’t hesitate to stick Luisen on that table.



*****

‘Crazy bastard. Really, he should have given me some notice before throwing me around.’

So, Luisen became even more scared since he had no idea when that smiling facade would change. He had started to lower his eyes in front of Carlton.

Breathing deeply, Luisen asked Carlton, carefully, “What’s the matter?”

“There’s an armory somewhere in a warehouse to the north. However, I haven’t the slightest idea of where it could be from this map alone. Do you know where it is?”

“……”

Luisen wouldn’t know about something like a warehouse. Weren’t servants supposed to manage that?

“If there’s anything useful there, I’d like to take it with me. I’d like for you to go around and find some information.”

“….If we’re talking about some warehouses up to the north, there’s at least five….”

“Yes, I guess you have to be diligent. I’m still lacking, so I must bother you with this work.”

“I still have a backache from carrying food provisions from the southern warehouses yesterday….”

“That’s what I mean! If only your retainers were more robust, the duke wouldn’t need to suffer this much.”

“Ha. Ha. Ha.” Luisen laughed awkwardly.

Well, he wasn’t wrong.

Luisen and Carlton both knew that the retainers in the duke’s household were all feigning illnesses. With that knowledge, bringing up these retainers was like blackmail. If Luisen didn’t listen obediently, he would no longer turn a blind eye to the retainers’s trickery. So, when called, Luisen had to put down his food and run to Carlton’s side.

The advisors went on strike to express their dissatisfaction with Luisen’s actions. They had told him to do whatever he wanted–lo and behold, they truly did lock themselves in their rooms and refused to do anything.

Luisen had lost the war, so there was a lot of work to do. First of all, one of the biggest issues was that Calrton’s company must be given food and weapons as war reparations.

Luisen had gone to the retainers’ rooms to persuade them. He wasn’t allowed to even step foot in the rooms and could only pound on their doors in vain. ‘Carlton will kill us all, aren’t you scared? Save me!’ Luisen begged and threatened…but they would not budge.

No one, from the general to the mere administrative official, resumed their work. So Luisen had no choice but to nod and comply whenever Carlton purposefully threw more work his way. Luisen had to take care of his people.

“Well…where should I find the key?”

“They say the general has it. Maybe so, maybe not. I wouldn’t know,” replied Carlton.

So he needed to find the key first. Hah…Luisen stood up, weakly, and left the room at a far more sluggish pace than when he first entered.

****

Sweat covered Luisen’s soles in his efforts to find the key.

Beyond the huge building that made up the main castle, the household owned many other buildings on the property. Low walls surrounded the castle outskirts, and beyond that, past the hills, was the city commonly referred to as “downtown.”

Even the scale of the castle outskirts was enormous. The large expanse of flat lands had allowed the buildings to be naturally low in height–thus the outskirts sprawled across a large portion of land. First Luisen went to the various storage buildings and later discovered the room where the keys were kept separately. Luisen had learned, for the first time, that such a room even existed.

However, the key to the northern warehouses was not present. After searching for a long time, he managed to uncover a record that noted that the general had borrowed the key. A sigh of despair bubbled out from Luisen.

“Ha…”

Even though Luisen was born and raised in this castle, everything seemed so new. If someone had told him to check the record hanging next to the door, he wouldn’t have had to overturn the entire room.

Of course, now he needed to overturn the feelings of his advisors.

Carlton never asked Luisen to do anything particularly important or difficult. Why did he have to look for a key in the warehouse, anyway? Carlton could have broken the door if he really urgently needed to get inside. His excuses of not wanting to touch Luisen’s property thoughtlessly was just another way of forcing Luisen to accept work.

The real problem would be after Carlton leaves. After harvest season, winter was soon to follow. Though the south was much warmer than the other regions, winter was still quite severe. Even if the region were to prepare thoroughly, the season was still difficult to endure.

‘I have to leave for the capital for the coronation of the first prince in the middle of winter…so I have to restore order to the territory before then.’

Luisen now knew that his power came from the health of the territory, and he was now resolved to protect it well.

‘I have to do well if I’m going to one day invite the saint to my estate. I can’t be so pathetic anymore.’

Luisen’s saint–the nameless one-armed pilgrim.

Luisen had another long-term goal; he wanted to find the saint and invite him to the territory and repay all the grace and kindness he had received.

Luisen’s heart ached when he recalled how, after being saved from misery and the streets, he had nothing to give to the pilgrim. Now, he could repay him with more than the sincerity from the bottom of his heart.

The day after he surrendered, Luisen had attempted to garner information on how to track a person’s whereabouts. However, he couldn’t get far after Carlton had locked down the castle.

‘Let’s cheer up! The sooner Carlton leaves, the faster I can find the saint.’





TN: Whew, so violent >.< As of now, Neither side knows exactly how to deal with each other~





Chapter 13


Chapter 13

Then, he needed to solve the compensation problem quickly.

Luisen cheered himself up and headed towards the general’s office. He ran into a group of servants standing in front of the door. They recognized Luisen and greeted him with polite courtesy, but as soon as they passed by each other, they began to gossip in low whispers.

“That was the duke.”

“Wasn’t he locked up somewhere? Can he really walk around like that?”

“Didn’t you hear? He’s acting like Carlton’s servant.”

“Oh my lord, I can’t even be proud of myself anymore if I’m serving someone like that…”

Their secret glares burned at Luisen’s back. He scurried into the general’s office, pretending not to hear. Most of the servants he encountered while fulfilling Carlton’s errands had similar reactions–tongue-tied, thinking him pathetic.

Sniffling, Luisen rubbed at his eyes. Still, tears formed as he stood there, blinking at the ceiling.

‘I’m sad….’

It was a natural reaction for those who had no idea of the tragedy that Luisen had averted. But, especially now, Luisen couldn’t help but feel pain in his soul.

“Hn….” Luisen placed his hand on his chest. There was a secret ‘something’ hidden in his coat’s inner pocket. A red, firm ‘something’ swaddled in thin cloth.

That something was jerky.

Perhaps because he had once starved terribly, Luisen began to lose all reason when he became hungry. He returned to a primitive state–his body automatically prowled around the trash to find any stray morsel. So, he started carrying a couple pieces of emergency jerky in his pocket.

Maybe Luisen was abnormal, but now the pangs of hunger would make him severely depressed. On the contrary, a full belly made him feel as if everything was okay.

Luisen began to munch on the beef jerky. With his hunger assuaged, slowly his melancholic mood began to disappear.

‘That’s right…this is just depression brought about by hunger. It’s not about what anyone said…’ People who didn’t know him well may pity him, but he now felt comparatively calm.

‘They aren’t beating me nor throwing stones at me. It’s nothing.’ The abuse he had experienced previously made his resolve strong. With jerky hanging from his mouth, Luisen searched the general’s office.

‘Here it is.’

Hastily stuffed inside the general’s desk drawer, the north warehouse’s ledger was found alongside the key. It seemed the general had been searching for useful items in the armory in preparation for the castle’s defense.

‘If I take this to him, he wouldn’t make me organize the warehouse either, right? I’m ending work early today.’ Luisen skimmed through the ledger with delight. It was detailed with both illustrations and thorough explanations.

‘This is a water-dowsing tool from previous droughts…This is a new tool to direct water flow…

As many of the nearby locations were fields, many farming tools were stored in the warehouse. Come to think of it, agricultural research used to be conducted in great volume in the duchy, though Luisen’s previous lack of interest had made such study less common during his generation.

While searching the items one by one, a tool suddenly caught Luisen’s eyes.

‘Oh, the Flames of the Holy Spirit.’

It was a grandiose name, but it was simply a fire-breathing tool to eradicate locusts. Since the southern regions were a granary, swarms of locusts would gather every few years.

‘Nngh, locusts…those cursed pests from hell.’

It was not named ‘The Flames of the Holy Spirit’ for no reason. The pests would paint the sky black, consuming all the grain painstakingly grown throughout the year and leaving only ruin behind. In the midst of that tragedy, one couldn’t help but to search for God.

Luisen had observed the adults using the tool when he was young. Blessed with magic, it would burn the locusts, leaving the grain intact–the grandiose name was well-earned.

‘This truly is amazing.’

….Wait?

Looking lovingly at the divine tool, Luisen suddenly recalled a forgotten memory.

The estate would soon face one more crisis!

It was after Carlton left the duchy completely devastated. A swarm of locusts descended upon half of the burned and desolate fields. The people, already exhausted from dealing with the fire, had reported watching, stupefied, as the locusts carried off all the grain.

Carlton’s massacre had been so shocking, and Luisen’s escape had been so amusing. As a result, the locust incident had not received much attention. Locusts were a rare gossip; it did not often pass through Luisen’s ears while he was struggling. In fact, most had no interest in it. Compared to the foolish lord’s flight and the cruel butcher’s bloodbath, events that would go down in history, the insects were simply too dull of an affair.

Luisen had almost forgotten about it.

‘Since I had originally fled to Dubless, back to my territory, and again to somewhere else…I still have some time.’ Luisen did not know the exact date, so he estimated by tracing his past.

Though the previous events were alarming problems, locusts had the ability to control the year’s crops. Left alone, these pests would attack even people and livestock.

Once a swarm of locusts arrived, the upper and lower villages would join hands to fight them. The situation was troubling even for affluent households like the Anies family; for simple farming villages, the crisis was even more dire.

‘I need to stop the locust swarm.’

Fortunately, the duchy had one of the greatest agricultural inventions in history–the Flames of the Holy Spirit.

‘But how do I even use it?’ After Luisen became a lord, the territory lived through several locust raids. However, the advisors and vassals took care of it all. All Luisen did was watch the burning locusts and applaud them. And then, at some point, he spent the majority of his time at the Capital.

‘But since I’ve seen it used before, I’ll think of something…’

Luisen crinkled his eyebrows and thought for a long time, but he really didn’t remember anything.

He wanted to cry. He searched his pocket for jerky, but there was no meat left to soothe his mind this time.

There were many things Luisen couldn’t do. His problem-solving skills were severely reduced as Luisen had never solved estate issues on his own.

Luisen had learned a lot from the saint in his past life. Maybe that’s why, after returning, he recalled the saint’s words so often. The same was true of this time.

The saint had said, “If you don’t know what to do, don’t overreact. Stay still, walk the middle line.” But what if Luisen couldn’t stay still?

""



Luisen went to find the general. The person who knew how best to run the estate, the person who had run the territory for a long time, was the general.

*Knock knock knock*

“General, it’s me. Luisen.”

No answer was returned. However, there was a soldier standing by, watching the general’s door, and a sure sign of life could be heard inside. Luisen was sure the general was inside, ignoring him.

“General, we need to talk. It’s important. I think there will be a crisis soon in the territory, and I’m not too sure what to do. A swarm of locusts are coming; what should I do?”

At the words ‘a swarm of locusts,’ a loud noise reverberated in the room.

‘It worked!’ Luisen was happy for a moment, but he then deflated after seeing that it wasn’t the general who stepped out of the room.

“What is the treasurer doing here?”

“….I’m looking after the general.”

“Oh.”

“He is not faking illness. The doctor’s been here several times.”

“What does the doctor say?”

“Overwork, stress, it’s obvious. What do you mean, locusts? What about those vulgar beings that have crawled up from hell?” The treasurer expressed interest. He was definitely a southern man.

Of course, any southern man would grit their teeth in vexation at these locusts. Feeling a strange sense of fraternity, Luisen informed him that soon a swarm of locusts would swoop onto their fields.

“Hm. There’s nothing to support a swarm forecast,” the treasurer continued.

“You can predict this?” Luisen asked.

“Yes. Locusts don’t just fall from the sky–they usually fly a certain path. Usually territories earlier in the path will tell us signs and sightings in advance…but we haven’t heard from them this year.”

“We had a civil war this year.”

“Ah, I see.” Though the treasurer nodded, Luisen could see he thought differently. The treasurer did not believe in Luisen, for he was a lord trapped in a castle with no access to outside information. How would he have received information about a swarm forecast? Even the general, the foremost authority in this household, had not been tipped off.

‘But, it’s the first time the lord has asked me about estate matters,’ he thought. ‘I don’t know why he’s so stuck on locusts, but at times like this, I have to answer sincerely.’

“It’s not so difficult–this has happened once every few years. With proper prior communication, each village, each chief or mayor, will take care of it: every village has their own ‘Flames of the Holy Spirit.’”

“I see.”

“We’ve left the Flames of the Holy Spirit alone while preparing for our defense, so there’s no need to worry about it….But there’s no way to give advance warnings…what to do….” Hesitant words flowed from the treasurer’s mouth.





TN: Thanks for joining me in the chappy~





Chapter 14


Chapter 14

“So, Sir Carlton’s the problem?” the treasurer asked.

“Yes.”

As the duchy was occupied, all administrative functions were paralyzed. On top of that, Carlton sealed off the castle outskirts and those inside couldn’t contact the outside world. Group assemblies were strictly banned; no matter the crisis, locust or otherwise, Luisen wasn’t sure Carlton would allow the people to gather at Luisen’s command.

“Looking at the situation, I don’t know if he’ll listen.”

Carlton was very, very careful. The lords who once followed the second prince were definite enemies, and the lords that followed Prince Ellion were allies that may soon stab him in the back. Luisen, who surrendered on his own, may have been believable but not unconditionally trustworthy. He may have left Luisen to his own devices, but he never dropped his guard around him.

“What if I just let things happen? There’s a ‘Flame of the Holy Spirit’ at every estate. Couldn’t they prevent the crisis on their own?” Luisen asked.

“That will be difficult. Many of the young, able-bodied men have been drafted into the army. They’re already so short-handed….the harvest will take more time than usual, and the damage will be greater than normal.”

“Umm….I see.” Luisen had no choice but to request access from Carlton, though he wasn’t sure if a man who would burn the golden fields in a fit of fury would care about something like a plague of locusts.

“Do you have a plan?”

“…It’s not like I don’t have one. Don’t worry too much. I’ll figure something out and come back,” Luisen said.

Luisen somehow looked reliable–the treasurer was internally surprised. ‘The lord says he’s going to fix something on his own? Really…I never thought this day would ever come.’

Luisen had never stepped up to do anything on his own before. He had taken the mentality that the natural order would ensure that the others around him would take care of everything. When a bug flew into his cup of water, the old Luisen wouldn’t say anything, wouldn’t throw the water away nor cry. He would just remain silent until someone noticed the problem and resolved it for him.

Inactivity became a habit–there were so many servants in the household. Eyes were constantly on him, catering to his desires. Belatedly, he realized that this pattern wasn’t healthy and he attempted to dissuade the servants, but it was difficult to change such deeply ingrained behavior. The uncomfortable behavior of the servants was part of the reason Luisen ran away to the capital.

‘Now that I think about it, it’s quite unusual for the lord to offer surrender personally,’ the treasurer thought.

Some people had said he acted impulsively out of fear–most advisors thought this way. But on second thought, Luisen was not the type of person to be proactive, even while scared.

‘They say that people change during times of crisis…maybe he’s maturing.’

‘No, it’s too early to expect anything from him. I have no idea why he’s suddenly worrying about locusts, but he could have fabricated an excuse to get out from underneath Carlton’s thumb. Only time will tell.’

Suddenly, the treasurer recalled something.

“Come to think–the territory that we have always been in contact with about the locusts’ route is run by Baron Laures.”

“What about that place?” Luisen asked.

“The lord of that region invited Carlton to a meal and deliberately kept him waiting for half a day. Ultimately, he died from having his limbs torn off.”

“…..Hurk.” Luisen turned pale. He had completely forgotten about Carlton’s errand while searching for the key and the ‘Flames of the Holy Spirit.’

“I-I’ve got to get going!” Luisen quickly scurried away, forgetting all about his body’s aches.

""



‘It’s too early to expect anything. Of course.’ The treasurer had thought him quite undignified.

****

In the Duke of Anies’ office, Carlton looked up while checking through the ledgers. He had thought his eyes were stiff–it turned out much time had passed. After sending Luisen, he had sat down and sifted through letters and paperwork. No matter how strong his body was, of course he’d feel uncomfortable after sitting in one place for too long.

Carlton got up from his seat; he had little leisure time to enjoy the view from the window. ‘This Anies Duchy….I’ve been delayed here far longer than I had expected.’

When coming south, Carlton’s goal was to quickly return to the capital after a successful battle. Therefore, the army did not pack enough food for an extended stay. Since the south was full of food, they had planned to source it all locally.

His original plan was perfect, and despite his tardiness, the conquest was quickly accomplished without much loss. However, he didn’t expect success to become a bear trap for his ankle. He could not return to war if the duchy did not offer food compensation, but receiving this repayment was dependent on the household retainers’ work productivity.

Usually, in this scenario, his company could have solved the problem by cutting the heads of the advisors or breaking down the locked doors of the warehouses and taking everything they could see.

But now Carlton’s livelihood was at risk. As Luisen pointed out, it was now time for Carlton to truly reflect on his own situation. Therefore, he could not use the aforementioned methods, and instead, Carlton had no choice but to personally pack his spoils of war and supplies on behalf of the absent retainers.

That was why he was checking over the administrative documents of the southern duchy. Fortunately, Carlton had learned to read and write while chasing after a village priest, and he had learned to balance ledgers while escorting a simple peddler. An ordinary mercenary would have either been left empty handed or would have risked his life with crude methods.

Anyway, Luisen Anies…he was the problem.

How incompetent must he have been for his retainers to go on strike at such a crucial time?

At least he seemed to recognize he was at fault and was now doing his utmost best to survive, but Luisen was shockingly unhelpful. In just a few days, Carlton was more aware of the financial situation of the duchy than the duke himself.

A complete disappointment.

Carlton had some expectations for Luisen when he entered the castle. Luisen’s insight was decisive and his attitude seemed promising; it was as if he had looked into the future. He was also surprised that the duke had come to personally surrender to him and had a clean and courteous manner. A noble that didn’t treat his soldiers like dogs were rare.

All the nobles Carlton had met underestimated him. They were afraid of his force and cruelty, but inwardly mocked him. No matter how well they hid it, the moment Carlton showed a bit of mercy, their condescending attitudes bled through.

The victory banquet was Carlton’s own way of testing Luisen, and his expectations were quickly shattered. He didn’t miss the underestimation he saw in Luisen’s eyes.

‘I can put up with everything else, but I can’t stand being disregarded.’ Carlton had immediately grabbed Luisen’s lapels at the time. Perhaps he could have been a bit more patient, but currently, Calrton had no regrets.

‘Who told him to be so condescending, straight to my face?’

Also, he just manhandled him onto the table. Considering the punishment inflicted upon other nobles in the past, Carlton had thought this was a very moderate response.

Anyway, despite his disappointment, Carlton had tried to be kind to Luisen in his own way. Since then, he had not laid a finger on him and had spoken to him in honorifics. He didn’t even blame him for delays in his company’s departure. However, Carlton was still so annoyed and vented by working him hard.

‘This isn’t even a big deal?’

In the old days, the scent of blood would already have traveled by wind. But Luisen didn’t know that, did he? He always gave such a gloomy, short response to his jokes. Carlton complimented him? Nothing. Argued with him? Nothing. Even mocking him? Still the same faint reactions. Carlton’s sense of inferiority was stimulated.

‘Is he just not responding because he thinks I’m less than dirt beneath his feet?’

However, Luisen’s attitude was not due to his displeasure at interacting with someone low-born. Luisen was completely discouraged by Carlton, unable to make any noise nor answer properly. He was nervous, but no one else knew how he felt inside.

Not Carlton, nor his servants.

Luisen’s appearance was to blame. With white skin and delicate features like a ceramic doll, Luisen gave off an aloof and mysterious vibe–like an artist caught in some greater reverie. On top of that, his childhood lessons had ingrained harshly within him an expressionless and elegant attitude. Even if he were to sit blankly on a stool, he’d still appear like a haughty aristocrat.

In particular, whenever Luisen lowered his head slightly, his golden eyelashes contrasted his blue eyes, creating an image of an angel. Carlton felt that no matter what he did he would seem like a devil compared to that false innocence; his temper rose feverishly.

‘He can’t even find one key and is making me wait?’

He’d never had to wait for people to fulfill his orders. The task was neither important nor urgent, just something to keep the young duke out of the way, but when time passed and Luisen didn’t show up, he became annoyed.

‘Should I just leave it all to fate and swing my sword at him?’ Carlton took out his dagger and began to fiddle with it in his hands. Meanwhile, a rushed pattering of feet preceded the abrupt opening of the door.

Luisen took poised steps as he entered the room. Each step seemed light as a feather. Perhaps on any other man it would have seemed unfortunate, but these airy steps somehow fit Luisen’s face–pallid skin that seemed to have avoided the sun all its life and softness that indicated not a day of hard manual labor. His was a face that seemed to know no suffering.

Completely the opposite of Carlton’s.

Luisen’s very presence–his whole body which screamed noble breeding–scratched at Carlton’s insides. 1





TN:

Carlton: Terrorizes people regularly

Also Carlton: I don’t understand why people are scared of me–I was so nice to them.





Footnotes




This is an idiom for feeling uncomfortable or feeling some type of guilt





Chapter 15


Chapter 15



“Wo-ow, who’s this? Isn’t this the Duke? I thought you’d forgotten about me since you’re so late.” Carlton laughed to hide his irritation, but Luisen lowered his eyes again….as if Carlton was not even worth opposing.

Meanwhile Luisen felt like he was on the verge of death. He avoided Carlton’s eyes because he couldn’t help but concentrate on the dagger in his hands.

‘Why are you holding a dagger? Are you going to throw it at me? Because I was late?’

Luisen began to understand why Carlton was purged after the first prince’s coronation. People might be a little late–that’s no excuse to pull out a dagger while waiting. Even the prince may grow scared of his temper.

“…..” Luisen swallowed dry saliva. He had run for so long he began to taste blood in his mouth.

“….How could I? I would never forget what you’ve asked of me.” Luisen spoke as calmly as possible, not wanting to provoke Carlton. But he had no idea that his calmness angered Carlton even further. Luisen was ignorant of what he looked like to others, especially when it came to his own appearance; he was still stuck with a self-image of his own miserable state during his wandering days.

Carlton’s expression became fiercer. His gaze slid up and down Luisen’s figure, as if looking for something to find fault with. His eyes lingered on Luisen’s hands.

“Is that so? Then where are the keys and the accounts of the armory items?”

Ah…that’s right…Only then did Luisen realize he was empty handed. In his urgency, he had left everything in the general’s office.

“That…I suddenly remembered something important,” Luisen murmured.

“Is it something more important and urgent than my request to the duke? Could there be such a thing?”

Luisen sweated profusely. He didn’t know where Carlton learned to make his smiles so menacing, but each of his words were sharp enough to poke at the pit of his stomach. He had thought that Carlton was only good with a sword, but unexpectedly he also had the gift of gab.

Luisen smothered his desire to run out of the room.

“Ahem, I just thought of a very good plan.” His words sounded too much like a swindler. Luisen quickly continued before Carlton could say anything, “I know you’re struggling with bringing the other southern lords to heel. I can solve that problem.”

‘Well, aren’t you curious?’ Luisen thought.

However, Carlton remained slightly sullen, as if his entire body protested that it had ever been troubled by such trifling issues.

“I know well the strength of your army and your own military might. But wouldn’t it be easier if there was a way to make them surrender without fighting?”

“That’s true, but I find it quite strange that the duke is worried about me.”

How intelligent. Self-made mercenaries, ones that will go down in history, certainly were different. ‘If it were me, I would have asked them to tell me everything while clapping,’ Luisen thought.

Still, despite Carlton’s suspicions, Luisen tried to remain calm. While running in the hallway, air bursting through his lungs, Luisen had recalled memories of the future.

Before his regression, the locust plague took advantage of the nation’s chaos. At the time, every southerner poured their all into fighting against the swarm. Everyone needed to eat and survive in order to pursue politics, power, and glory.

Luisen confidently said, “I’ve heard a rumor about an incoming swarm of locusts. At that time, the lords will be scrambling to surrender first. They can’t afford to fight you while preparing to fend off the swarm.”

“…..Locusts?” Carlton doubted his ears. What the hell was he talking about? Grasshoppers? The green insects that ate grass? The ones that were the size of a finger?

“That’s right. Locusts.” Luisen nodded.

Carlton tightly clutched the dagger in his hands. “Are you kidding me?”

After the civil war, when the Anies duchy was razed to the ground, Carlton’s notoriety spread throughout the kingdom. However, the lords of the south were unyielding to his power. Carlton sent countless threats, asking them to surrender and to support the first prince. Still, these nobles endured; they claimed that bowing their heads to peasants and mercenaries would injure their pride.

Carlton was dumbfounded. He could not believe that those prideful nobles would surrender over a few pests. He felt his temper rising, feeling mocked, but Luisen’s face was as serious as ever.

“I’m completely sincere. There’s no point in scorning you.”

‘I’m so scared, I can’t even make eye contact,’ Luisen thought. ‘How could I even joke in this situation? It’s more likely that I would die of a heart attack.’

“I’d be more disappointed if you’re serious, if that’s all you’ve come up with. War is not child’s play.” Carlton laughed.

Luisen inwardly clicked his tongue. ‘That’s why northerners are so….’

They didn’t know the true fear of locusts.

Others may have thought, ‘How much could those little bodies eat?’ and underestimate them. However, in a single day, a cloud of locusts could spirit away enough to feed tens of thousands of people. They ate everything they could digest, whether it was grain, grass in the field, or even fruit trees.

When one loses a political battle, they may lose authority and wealth. Still, the household may have enough food to satisfy hungry bellies. However, if one loses the battle with locusts, all that is left is a wasteland with no plant life left.

“If people don’t respond properly to the locusts at harvest time, they’ll end up empty-handed in winter. Numerous people will starve to death.”

The power of a landed noble comes from the population of their territory and tax revenue. If this crisis is left unattended, tax revenues and population will decrease. And, after enduring the hardships of winter, there will be no seed left to sow in spring. The hardship does not end with the failed harvest.

“For you, these insects may seem like nothing. But the fate of the estate is at stake for these southern lords. If we were to choose between a bad situation and a worse one, most would choose the former.”

The worst situation would be the impending famine on top of dealing with Carlton’s anger. The bad situation would merely be bowing down to a low-born dog of the capital and preparing for the swarm comfortably.

The moment the plague appeared, Carlton became the lesser of two evils.

“Are you saying that my army and I can’t even compare to bugs?”

“That’s exactly what I’m saying. In any case, they will definitely surrender. Having an official proclamation with the duke’s name will be more effective than just spreading a rumor–people always watch the duchy’s movements.”

Finally, Luisen reached the goal of this roundabout conversation.

As Carlton had keenly pointed out, neither Luisen nor the lords were currently preoccupied with Carlton. Even if Carlton was agitated enough to start a massacre, Luisen was concerned with more important matters. Nevertheless, it would be self-serving to give Carlton the chance to help.

Luisen’s only wish was to grow old in his home territory as the owner of a wealthy duchy, perhaps with the saint. For that goal, not one grain of wheat could be stolen by these insects.

To do so, an official letter must be sent with his name stamped on it. However, Luisen knew that Carlton wouldn’t allow any sort of suspicious communication. The more he would prostrate and beg, the more Carlton would dig in his heels, finding the whole situation shady.

Thus, Luisen wanted to capitalize on Carlton’s own desires and have him send an official letter for his own self-serving purposes. And, killing two birds with one stone, Luisen could slyly proclaim that he had helped him.

“How about it? Will you do as I say? You have nothing to lose, right?”

Carlton, who wanted nothing more than to return to the capital quickly, had no choice but to accept.

‘Hehe, scheming like this….I’ve become more clever.’ Luisen patted himself on the back and once again gave thanks to the saint.

The previously quiet Carlton slowly opened his mouth. “I appreciate the duke’s opinion.”

“Yes, and I’ll help with the official letter.”

“Oh, that won’t be needed.”

“….I-I should do something…”

“Are you afraid that I’ll ask for something ridiculous in exchange for sending this official document?”

‘How did he know? What extraordinary fellow. 1 Don’t tell me, he has some superpower to read minds? Although…if Carlton was indeed psychic, he wouldn’t have been abandoned by the first prince.’



Luisen squinted his eyes and peered up and down at Carlton.

“….No? I’m sincerely trying to assist you,” Luisen insisted. Carlton smirked and laughed, as if the concept was utterly absurd.

“I would like to trust you as well, but I’ve seen too much betrayal to give my trust easily.”

“And so…?”

“Perhaps I’ll believe the duke if you show me more sincerity.”

“What do you want?”

“As my duke said, I will make a rumor about the locusts and wait for their surrender. But, if there’s a lord who won’t yield even with that rumor, you must help me.”

“Me?”

Luisen and Carlton, the whole world even, knew that he lacked that sort of talent.

“You just have to stay by my side.”

“That means….you want me to follow you to the battle front?”

“Yes.” Carlton smiled gently.

Luisen was horrified. ‘He’s going to drag me into the battlefield? I’d only be of use as a meat shield! Is that his ulterior motive?’





TN: What a terrifying way to say “stay by my side” lmao





Footnotes




The word used here is “ghostly.” Which, in Korean, often brings the connotation of being scarily good. Supernaturally good, essentially.





Chapter 16


Chapter 16

A warzone! How horrifying! In the first place, Luisen had no desire to go to such a dangerous place where people get hurt and die, but he also had no idea what Carlton would do to him in the midst of the battlefield’s confusion. A sword had no discerning eyes. Even the slightest misstep of an ally would be the difference between life or death.

“And if I refuse….?”

“Then we’ll continue as if we never had this conversation. Of course, there will be no official document either.”

‘You’ve caught me. You’ve caught everything,’ Luisen thought.

Carlton had already figured out Luisen’s goals yet he pretended otherwise. Ironically, this insidious skill was required for nobility; Carlton suited aristocratic scheming more than the noble himself.

‘Ha…I really wracked my rusty brain for this…’ 1

The first scheme Luisen had ever plotted failed. ‘Maybe people should live as they look.’

Eventually, Luisen raised a white flag. “I see. Then we’ll do as you say.”

“Thank you. I’ll never forget the duke’s assistance.” Carlton smiled kindly again. Luisen felt like his soul was escaping from his body at the sight of that abominable smile. “But, how should we prepare for the locusts?”

“The locusts have been such a large problem, so countermeasures have already been prepared. There’s a magic tool that burns only locusts away–it’s called the Flames of the Holy Spirit. There’s one in every town and village,” Luisen spoke with pride. The groundbreaking invention of these flames had once again established the Anies Duchy as the guardian of the golden fields.

But Carlton was not interested in that. “Only Locusts? What about people? Can it burn humans?”

“Why would it burn humans?”

“Hn. Forget it. It only has a grand name. If you’d have made weapons of similar nature in the time you’ve made this tool, then perhaps the course of the kingdom could have been altered.” Carlton quickly lost interest in the Flames of the Holy Spirit. At that slight, Luisen felt a bit teary.

“The Flames of the Holy Spirit was an innovation in service of the people’s livelihoods. Don’t ridicule the duchy’s creed as the guardian of the golden fields. You wouldn’t understand.”

“What?” Carlton asked while raising his eyebrows.

‘Why do you have to clutch at your dagger again?’ Luisen winced. He had impulsively blurted out his feelings. His legs began to tremble, but for some reason, Luisen didn’t want to apologize. His pride as a member of the Anies family, which Luisen didn’t even know he had, sprang forth.

“…Now, if you’ll excuse me.” Luisen chose to retreat. He’d spoken back enough for the day. He rushed out of the office.

His steps quickened after leaving the room, and a chill ran down his back. What if Carlton hunted him down? However, even as Luisen rounded the corner, Carlton fortunately didn’t seem to have any intention of following him.

Whew.

Luisen could finally sigh in peace and slump his head. But at that moment, a familiar person appeared at the far end of the hallway.

“Huh? My duke?”

It was Ruger. He had been walking and chatting with a maid.

“What are you doing here?” Luisen asked.

“Oh, my lord!” The maid greeted her master and rushed away with soft, pattering footsteps. Ruger gave a bashful chuckle at Luisen’s glare.

“What’s this? The master is busy trying to divert the estate’s biggest crisis, but the chief attendant is chatting up a maid?” Luisen said.

“Don’t jest. I’m here to bring you something you’ve left behind.” Ruger handed Luisen the key to the northern warehouse that Luisen had left in the general’s office.

‘Ugh.’ Luisen wrinkled his brow. ‘I’ve barely escaped Carlton now. Do I really have to go back? Let’s pretend I didn’t see this.’

“…Put it back in the general’s office.”

“What? Isn’t this important?”

“I don’t know. I’m going to my room.” First he’d have a meal. Then he could ask whoever, whether the general or the treasurer, about the official document.

Ruger naturally followed next to Luisen. “What did that person say? Did something happen?”

“Why?”

“Well, I heard you went to the general’s room in the middle of searching for this key. But now you say you don’t need this key anymore…I’m simply curious.”

“Ah. We talked about something else.”

“What did you talk about?”

“This and that,” Luisen responded listlessly, strength gone. Ruger looked at him suspiciously, but Luisen ignored his attendant’s annoying gaze.

Ruger grumbled as they walked down the hall. Carlton’s men were too crude and too arrogant. He and Luisen should have run away that night. Carlton was too rough with the duke…Ruger cursed Carlton and his men in various ways.

Luisen simply said one thing after letting him talk his ear off. “Watch your language. Why do you not call him Sir Carlton and instead refer to him as ‘that person?’” 2

“What, sir? He’s not even a real knight. Isn’t it embarrassing to call him that? That low-born is too arrogant; he should know his place.” Ruger snorted. Luisen was surprised, since this all sounded so uncharacteristic of his attendant. On second thought, though, Ruger was of noble birth. He was a third son, so he may never succeed a noble title, but he was still born to a noble family. Perhaps it was natural for him to be socialized in this noble mindset.

‘Now that I think about it…what noble household is he from?’

The name of the household should have been contained within the letter of recommendation that came with him, but Luisen’s memory was hazy. Maybe he had been drinking; he couldn’t even remember who had recommended Ruger in the first place.

“Anyways, mind your words. Since you’re my chief servant, your mistakes will be attributed to me.”

“Of course. I’ll make sure no harm comes my lord’s way.”

That was that. Come to think of it, Luisen felt a bit of pity for Ruger. He had lived lavishly as a servant of the duke in the capital, but then he was brought to the far south and endured this twisted hardship. What’s worse, before regression, he had died defending his master.

“…Just be patient for a little while longer. Sir Carlton will leave soon.”

If the rumors about the locusts proved successful and all the lords surrendered, Carlton would most definitely leave without delay. Time would fly by during the hectic preparations; that day may come sooner than expected.

“Really? Why? What did you talk about with that guy? Huh?”

""



Luisen flapped his hands in annoyance. Suddenly, he remembered something very important–the first thing he must do as soon as he had the luxury of free time.

“Do you know any magicians?” he asked.

“A magician?….What for? To find the person you were searching for earlier? To find someone without their age, their appearance, or even their name, you probably need the services of a magician far more than the intelligence guild. Who could you be searching for? The duke I know has no reason to search for such a mysterious man.”

The one-armed saint. Luisen’s saint.

Luisen couldn’t help but to scrunch his nose as he thought of the saint. He had no knowledge of the finer details of his savior’s life, but he could guess the man lived a rough life. A person who had lived a smooth life wouldn’t have such a calloused hand, a body littered with scars, and edges sharpened by hardship.

‘I’ll help you live comfortably so you may never suffer. I’ll protect you this time around.’

In order to do that, though, Luisen needed to find him.

“I don’t want to be even an hour late in finding him. You have a lot of connections, so please send out some feelers. 3 We can start as soon as Carlton leaves.”

“Well, it’s not that difficult, I guess….Who is this person anyway?”

“He’s…my benefactor.”

Curiosity struck Ruger. ‘A benefactor? Who has the ability to do the Duke of Anies a favor?’

The recently deceased queen and second prince were kind to Luisen, but the duke was not indebted to them. Who could have been the duke’s benefactor if he never lacked anything?

Ruger was very curious but didn’t ask any further questions. Luisen’s eyes had begun to look slightly blurry, and his expression couldn’t hide his exhaustion. His lord needed his rest.

“Let’s hurry to your room,” Ruger said. “I will bring bread and some leftovers so you can eat straight away.”

Luisen’s face glowed at Ruger’s words.

“You praiseworthy attendant. Alright, let’s hurry!”

There would be food. Food, hehe. Luisen now looked at Ruger with new eyes. His previous worries seemed to have been washed away.

******





Luisen had composed the official letter with the help of the treasurer. In the process, rumors of an impending locust swarm had naturally spread within the castle.

Everyone was skeptical of the news, as it had originated from Luisen, but the rumors had forced several administrators of various departments to return to work. While helping with the official letter, the treasurer had naturally joined the ranks in the war against the locusts; he began to lead organization efforts.

This was wonderful news for Luisen. He was relieved that his advisor’s anger seemed to have abated. And, most of all, there was no more justification to further mess with Luisen, and Carlton no longer called him to do various errands.

The letters spread throughout the duchy through messengers. Everyone was shocked to see that their duke, usually absent from most estate issues, had penned the document. Setting aside their feelings, however, the villages steadily prepared for the incoming war.

The village chiefs took out the Flames of the Holy Spirit which had been securely stored in shared warehouses.

“Only thorough preparation will save our lives! You got it?!”

“Yes, sir!”

The villagers were more incensed, more aggressive than in combat. Thanks to Luisen’s quick movements, everyone managed to prepare themselves without disturbing the farming process.



TL: Thanks for readings. This is more of a in-between chappy~ But I hope you guys will be fine with it! Lately I’m going into finals period, but hopefully, when the semester is over, I’ll be able to update more (especially when the relationship picks up)





Footnotes




the original idiom used here is “roll the head.” Basically you’re using your head to think deeply — hence “wrack the brain.” was an english substitute

In the original, Ruger is using pretty aloof/dehumanizing terms for him while being vaguely polite. Aka He’s calling into question his humanity.

“A lot of connections” originally was “your feet are wide”





Chapter 17


Chapter 17





Meanwhile, this rumor was also passed on to the other southern lords. Everyone had paid close attention to any news from the duke’s castle; several nobles had even probed the area with their information connections. As soon as the official letter was sent to the nearest village in the duchy, they too learned of the plague.

The news threw the nobles deep into disarray.

‘Is this real?’

If it were true, then the whole of the community had a crisis on their hands. Even if the locust clouds were to pass over their skies and skip their fields, the nobles had to decrease the overall pest population as much as possible.

However, the nobles were all caught on one specific detail: the Duke of Anies had been coiled up in that complicated, unstable situation with Carlton. ‘The entire household has been isolated…how would they know if a swarm will arrive or not? Couldn’t this be a trap?’

The Duke of Anies could be helping Carlton, whether willingly or unwillingly. Nevertheless, no proud southerner could freely ignore this possible disaster.

‘Damned if we do, damned if we don’t.’ The lords ruminated on this matter to the point of stress-induced hair loss and gaunt cheeks. They eventually concluded, ‘Alright, let’s just trust the duke one last time!’

He was still the guardian of this region, a man of the family that reigned this land for ages. Currently, he may have been infamous for his reputation as trash, but he was still a proud duke. All of his other family members were competent men.

The southern lords shared similar concerns, and they had all reached the same conclusion. They rushed to dispatch envoys to the Anies region. Thus one day the tightly locked gates to the castle were visited by various flags from all sorts of households throughout the southern region.

“How does this make any sense?” Carlton, who was looking for a chance to wield his sword, was emotionally assailed by the news.

He couldn’t decide if he was speechless or despondent. It was good that things ended so well, but it simultaneously hurt his pride. Carlton was a man who lived a turbulent life, experiencing many hardships and tumultuous moods. But this was the first time he’d ever felt this strange combination of emotions.

Carlton had set up temporary barracks outside the wall and met the messengers there. He was paranoid that these messengers would have ulterior motives and did not allow them to step foot in the castle.

However, the other lords’ envoys seemed rather relieved that they were not invited inside. Though they still carried an air of importance, they handled their affairs with Carlton professionally, without agitating the mercenary.

The messages they conveyed were all similar:

“We pledge allegiance to Prince Ellion. We can provide XXX in war reparations. Nothing more can be given, so please accept this and don’t come to our territory.”

The letters were longer, with unnecessarily long greetings and fancy roundabouts at every discourse point. The above was a short summary of the most important parts of the messages.

‘They’re not even bargaining?’

Although the marketplace may come to mind when imagining ‘bargaining,’ no one else risked their lives to bargain as much as the nobles. They would ask the common folk to donate their own money to pay for development while spending riches earned by others. They would argue to discount one more coin off a ransom even if a knife was held to their necks.

‘There’s no way this is possible. These folks weren’t the type to offer their fortunes quietly.’ Carlton, full of doubt and distrust of the aristocracy, had made some mental calculations.

The amounts proposed by the envoys were just appropriate enough to be taken as a war trophy. Of course, more could be negotiated, but he would have to throw away his dignity to argue with some nobles.

Although Carlton was still wary of the situation, he accepted the offers. All the messengers left quickly without delay.

Carlton stood on the castle walls and looked over the scattered envoys. In the end, everyone judged a bunch of insects to be more important and more dangerous than his armies?

“I feel like the south is playing around with me,” he said.

Carlton’s men all nodded sympathetically with their commander. ‘…It really worked out just the way the Duke of Anies said it would…’

He couldn’t have imagined this result–not when a lone envoy carrying Luisen’s official letter had set out from the duchy. He had accepted the duke’s proposal because it wouldn’t result in further loss to his army…and it would be a pain in the neck if Luisen had complained to the capital court that he had been treated poorly.

Far from wasting money, Luisen’s advice led to greater gains. Like flies to honey, he sat still and reaped the benefits of a silent war–a battle without the consequences of combat.

What would have happened if Carlton had been forced to fight? He was confident in achieving victory, but he likely wouldn’t have been able to gain so many advantages.

‘I just can’t understand. At all.’ Carlton returned inside and immediately started walking towards Luisen’s room. When he stepped into the castle, he’d had no intent to visit. Even seeing Luisen’s face made his stomach turn over; why should he want to visit? But somehow his feet traveled to Luisen’s door while his consciousness wandered absentmindedly.

Ruger, who was guarding the door, wrinkled his face distastefully at Carlton. Though he pretended to greet him courteously, anyone could tell Ruger was cursing inside. The servant wanted to give him a piece of his mind, but Ruger reigned in his temper.

Luisen was in his room.

“It’s Carlton.”

Luisen had been stretched out on his bed like melted butter, expressing joy in laziness with his entire body. Carlton had not called for him again after his retainers had returned to their posts; the duke couldn’t help but to revel in these peaceful days.

‘Hurk, what?’ Luisen got up in a hurry, fixed his appearance, and roughly brushed his hand through his hair. By the time Carlton came into the room, Luisen had managed to regain his aloof, fine appearance thanks to his quick movements. His upright posture made him look reverent.

Although his heart was pounding in his chest, Luisen responded to Carlton with a calm demeanor.

“Sir Carlton, is there something wrong?”

“I’ve come here after meeting the envoys at the outer wall.”

“Ah, is that so?” Luisen could not leave the castle, so he was ignorant of the outside situation. Suddenly, Luisen’s face lit up brightly. “Which families sent envoys? Did everyone send one? They all brought news of surrender, right?”

“No. Three places have yet to declare surrender.”

‘What crazy idiots. Do they take locusts lightly?’ Luisen’s expression soured. “Which households?”

“Sete, Vinard, and Holga. Do you know anything about these families?”

“Urm……” Luisen struggled.

He had no idea!

From the gaps in his knowledge, Luisen could only guess that these were landed nobles of small and medium-sized estates far away from his own. Carlton, while waiting for his answer, saw Luisen’s hesitation. This time, Carlton did not misunderstand and knew exactly what was on his mind.

“You have no idea? Their territories are quite close to your estate too, aren’t they? As far as I know, Sete still has trade agreements with the duchy,” Carlton said.

“….Maybe I’ll remember….It’s on the tip of my tongue….”

That was a complete lie. Luisen couldn’t remember anything.

Luisen had just blurted out whatever was on his mind, and Carlton saw through his transparent struggles.

‘…So he really doesn’t know,’ Carlton thought. Luisen had caught him off guard twice. Seeing everything go Luisen’s way, it was clear that the man wasn’t all that stupid. His insight that could sometimes foretell the future was quite shocking.

But that just confused Carlton more. How could such an intelligent person know absolutely nothing? Didn’t a person need to know the basic layout of the situation to garner such insight? With such a sharp eye, why did Luisen allow himself to be caught in the crossfire of the princes’ succession fight? Why did he put himself in such jeopardy?

‘I had heard you were nothing more than foolish trash….’ Looking at his calm and quiet face now, Carlton couldn’t see the traces of a man who was rumored to spend his days drinking and playing around with women.

Rather than drinking or vulgar entertainment, Carlton thought Luisen suited walking gracefully through art exhibitions or sitting, just like a portrait, and listening to music.

Carlton’s close scrutiny burned holes into Luisen’s mouth. ‘What?’ Luisen thought. ‘What’s wrong? Did I do something wrong again? Did he discover that I raided the kitchen last night? Or did he realize that I hid a bejewelled ring because I thought it would look beautiful on the saint? Why is he looking at me like that?’

Luisen inwardly trembled.

Then Carlton, who had been silent for a while, said something out of the blue. “The town below the castle has been very quiet. Aren’t you curious about the situation there?”

The village he was referring to lay between the inner and outer walls of the duchy’s fortress. Since it was the closest town to the castle, the village was actually more like a city: rich and secure.

Why, all of a sudden, did he bring that up?

“Is there an issue with that town?”

Carlton smirked at Luisen’s question. He smiled as if wind was escaping him–an expression of derision and pity; that expression somehow bothered Luisen. When Luisen had gotten a job as a manual laborer, he saw that expression leveled at him after he’d been inflicted with bone disease half a day after beginning work.

It was as if Carlton’s gaze was saying, “Of course, it’s you.”

Luisen was annoyed enough to question what his expression meant, but his timing was off. When he opened his mouth, the door to the room opened as well. Carlton’s men and Ruger piled into his guest bedroom and shouted simultaneously, “Duke! There’s been an incident!”

“A swarm of locusts is flying in!”

Carlton and Luisen both got up from their seats in surprise. Luisen forgot the unpleasant atmosphere from a while ago and inwardly cheered.

Finally!

If something went wrong and the swarm didn’t appear, the duchy would be seen as unreliable.

“A swarm of locusts has really appeared?” Carlton asked.

“Yes. A scouting group discovered black clouds flocking from across the river,” his guard responded.

“Are you sure it’s really locusts?” Carlton found everything so hard to believe. He had expected that the locusts were an excuse to garner the lords’ surrender…It was ridiculous to imagine but…could Luisen somehow predict natural disasters?





TL: Carlton: How can someone so smart be so dumb.

Luisen: No thoughts, head empty. (Jk, I don’t think Luisen is unintelligent. I do think, however, he had a lackluster upbringing. I wonder what others think, though.)





Chapter 18


Chapter 18





“Yes,” Carlton’s soldier said.

His men were not known to talk nonsense. Luisen’s predictions were accurate again. However, Carlton couldn’t believe it until he saw the swarm with his own eyes.

“I need to check,” he said.

“Let’s go to the bell tower,” Luisen said. “It’s the highest location in the area, so we can properly see the surroundings.”

Carlton agreed with his suggestion. Luisen, on the other hand, just didn’t want to miss the spectacle of the magical flames. Since their interests coincided, the two headed for the bell tower.



******



Carlton and Luisen climbed their way to the top platform. It was quite low for a bell tower, but the castle itself was built atop a small hill and was surrounded by plains. The weather was quite clear, and the two could see far. The wind blew from the direction of the distant river, and the stalks of the ripe wheat swayed, almost flattening with the wind currents.

It was a peaceful and beautiful landscape, but the clouds of war still hung low.

Black wings began to flood the sky, and on the ground the town militia were equipped and in perfect formation.

The atmosphere was explosive. The palms of Luisen’s hands began to sweat.

Finally, the locusts met the defending line. At that moment, a powerful fire shot out of the ‘Flames of the Holy Spirit.’ The huge flames burned splendidly, decorating the clear sky line. The approaching locusts were burned to ashes and fell to the ground in masses.

But the locusts did not falter. They flocked like sheep and descended to devour the people.

The front line, as seen through the binoculars, was a pandemonium.

Huge grasshoppers the size of a fist flew around, beating heads with their wings. They would bite at the flesh and gnaw at the hems of clothes. The humming of their wings gradually grew louder, and Luisen’s eyes grew dizzy from the sheer size of the cloud. It wouldn’t be strange to fall into a state of panic in such an extreme situation.

Nevertheless, the people were not daunted. They steadfastly burned the locusts using the magical tools. Ash fell like rain and black smoke filled the sky.

‘This is it!’ Luisen clenched his fist. The blood of a southerner, hidden deep within himself, began to boil to the surface.

Enemies that wanted to plunder, and those that wanted to protect.

Locusts and humans.

The fight for survival between these two groups continued fiercely. Countless insects died, but their original population was just too high. The locusts did not hesitate for a moment to mourn for their dead companions. The fallen corpses all blew away in the wind.

The first clash ended, leaving behind only black smoke and a burnt smell in the air.

There would be another battle against these pests, but seeing today’s battle, Luisen did not worry. The villagers prepared and fought with all their might.

Luisen was confident in the human side’s victory.

“Haaa…”

As the tension eased, Luisen naturally burst into laughter. “Isn’t it amazing?”

Underneath the mellow sunshine, Luisen smiled refreshingly. Carlton looked at him with complicated eyes.

“Yes, yes…There really was a plague.” In reality, Carlton was not interested in the locusts. Of course, the agricultural battle was a new and strange sight, but Luisen was more interesting than that.

‘How did you predict this? No one else in the estate had the forethought.’

Perhaps the air was messing with him; Carlton thought that Luisen looked like a beautiful, gentle young master–beautiful but not necessarily resourceful.

‘I really can’t tell.’

Is he smart? Or is he stupid?

Competent or incompetent?

Altruistic or selfish?

Carlton suddenly felt uncomfortable. After smiling, the duke finally melted from a pretty sculpture into a living, breathing person. Seemingly transparent behavior coupled with a mind that felt distant and opaque–Carlton’s curiosity was piqued.



*****



The war against the locusts ended in favor of the humans. Thanks to the preparations made well in advance, the villages suffered very little damage.

‘This time again, I overturned another crisis,’ Luisen thought. According to his memories, there wasn’t another pressing issue in the near future, so he could truly relax.

However, before he could take a moment to breathe, another problem sprung up.

The main instigator was, of course, Carlton.

After he left Carlton’s office, Luisen gave one long and deep sigh. Ruger asked if he was okay after seeing his posture droop, as if all water was drained from his body.

“No, I’m not fine.”

“What did Carlton say?”

“He’s planning to go to war with the Vinard household.”

As soon as the locusts landed, two of the remaining three families rushed to surrender. Luisen hoped that the last remaining family would also raise the white flag, but they remained silent.

“Vinard…Isn’t that a long ways away?” Ruger asked.

“It’s far. So he’s only taking the cavalry for this strike.”

Because the estate of the Vinard family was quite small, it was questionable whether or not a proper battle would take place. Honestly, why couldn’t they just ignore this family? The force of the tide would force the Vinard family to follow the first prince. However, Carlton thought differently.

“He’s asked me to follow him.”

“Is he crazy?” Ruger panicked. “Just where is he taking the duke? The battlefield? Is he out of his mind?”

“I don’t know….”

“Wouldn’t it be useless to bring the duke anyway? Is he planning on threatening the Vinards with your life? That’s not going to work!”

“Your words are….too much…” However, Luisen inwardly agreed with Ruger’s rude remarks. “I’m sure he’s not taking me along because I’ll be of some particular use.”

“Then why?”

“Maybe he’s taking me hostage…Or maybe he’s going to use me as a meat shield….?”

“That arrogant little…Honestly, how could a peasant like him sit on his undeserving seat and order nobles around like that?” Ruger’s face distorted in disgust.

“I told you to watch your words.”

“But, this is quite frustrating. My duke, you’re going to have to ride a horse if he’s only taking cavalry.”

That was actually the biggest issue. Luisen’s horseback riding skills were awful. It wasn’t that he was simply bad at riding–he was a catastrophic failure. If someone didn’t hold onto the reins, Luisen was unable to climb up onto the horse’s back. He could barely keep balance while the horse trotted, let alone galloped.

But to ride with Carlton’s skilled cavalry? Even to Luisen, this expectation was ridiculous.

“Can you just tell him you can’t ride a horse?”

“….I’ve told him.”

Luisen told him that he would only be a disturbance with his skill level, but it was clear that Carlton was deaf to his complaints. A noble who couldn’t ride a horse? It seems like Carlton held those kinds of dubious thoughts, dismissing Luisen’s words as some ridiculous lie.

“I think he thinks I’m making excuses to be excused from the journey.”

“….What should we do?”

“It’ll be fine. I’ll somehow manage to follow along….” Luisen said.

Ruger wanted to point out the flaw in that statement but held his tongue. What good would it do to ruminate on this matter further? There was nothing they could change now!!

Luisen and Ruger strolled down the hallway, silent and solemn. However, the two then began to hear an animated conversation from somewhere nearby.

“Hey, wasn’t our lord pretty impressive? He forced surrender from all those nobles with Carlton and managed to block the locusts.”

It was a conversation that tempted their ears. Luisen and Ruger stopped walking and looked for the origin of the muffled sounds. Their voices traveling through an open window, a few servants were obliviously discussing in a vacant lot. They didn’t seem to know that Luisen was passing by.

“He doesn’t seem that smart, but I guess even he has hidden depths.”

‘Hmm…’, the corners of Luisen’s lips twitched. ‘I guess there’s a lot of people who look favorably upon me nowadays.’

People had stopped cursing or sighing at him in the hallways and were now greeting with transparent courtesy. The older servants were moved at the sight of their now slightly matured duke, and one maid had even shyly handed Luisen some cookies she had baked herself.

‘Can I let myself feel good and take pride?’

Compliments were always thrilling. And, it felt all the more exciting since they came from those that had always denigrated him. His pride had risen almost as much as he suffered these past few days.

But, just then, another voice cut into the conversation with jeers.

“He probably just got lucky.”

“How could this be pure luck? He predicted the events of the future, and Carlton, that jerk, is leaving quickly as well. I will not ignore my lord anymore.”

“How could a spoiled noble stuck in a castle know about a potential swarm? Neither the general nor the treasurer saw this coming.”

“He was in the capital a lot right? Maybe he heard from there.”

“What bullshit. In the capital he was always drunk and fooling around with famous female actors.”

“….In any case, this has really reminded us of the status of the duke!”

“Isn’t this just him rebuilding the prestige that he himself had destroyed?”

The two servants seemed to be at odds.

“Did I….play around with actresses….?”

“Yes. Don’t you remember?” Ruger looked at Luisen suspiciously. Luisen furtively avoided his gaze.

Meanwhile, the conversation between the servants continued.

“But our lord, don’t you think he’s suddenly changed?”

“The last time I had quarreled with Carlton’s soldiers, he showed up to defend me. ‘If you have complaints about my servant, tell them to me,’ like that.”

“He’s not drinking, he’s finishing his meals cleanly, he’s thrown no temper tantrums…He’s become good-natured and easy going.”

“He even restrained himself when Carlton was really grinding our lord’s bones with work. Was he always such a patient man?”

“No, never. Before, he wasn’t even as patient as my five year old son. It’s real; people change in times of crisis.”

The servants slowly began to notice the changes in Luisen. His efforts in protecting the servants from unreasonable treatment had paid off. His actions came as a great surprise to those in the castle.

However, for one every person who thought positively of him, there were those who thought the opposite. The better Luisen’s reputation was, the more those people would grit their teeth and deny it.





TL: Thanks for joining me for this chapter~ Are they warming up to each other? >.<





Chapter 19


Chapter 19





“Yes, we should praise the praiseworthy. But, he’s just been too much up till now. If he couldn’t get the territory out of the situation that he himself caused, then he’d be a fool.”

“Hey, that’s too much…”

“Honestly, if it weren’t for our lord, would we have suffered this much? He reaped what he sowed. The village below is now….”

Ruger could no longer stand the conversation and stepped forward. “How dare you!” he shouted through the window. The servants quickly ran away at the sound of his voice.

“I’ve seen all their faces. I won’t let rudeness lie.”

“You don’t even know their names,” Luisen said.

“That’s true, but…”

“Just leave it. People will speak ill of the king when no prying eyes are about.”

“Still…” Ruger stilled at Luisen’s quiet murmurs and tactfully followed behind him. “Please don’t mind them. They’re only cursing you because sentiment about my duke is changing for the better. Everyone’s been complimenting the duke.”

“I said I don’t care,” Luisen grumbled.

“It’s true. Everyone has been saying that my lord has established the proper authority of a duke.”

“Ah, okay.”

Ruger kept trying to comfort Luisen despite Luisen’s insistence that he was fine. Annoyed, Luisen kept responding in rough, choppy remarks.

Luisen wasn’t paying lip service; he truly did not mind.

In the past, Luisen would have drank and sobbed at such criticism. At this moment, Ruger was struck by how much his master had changed–his blunt disposition was entirely unfamiliar, as if the man had experienced all kinds of hardships.



*****

Amidst the anxious atmosphere, the date to march into battle was set. Luisen wracked his brain to think of any excuse to stay behind, but every attempt went down the drain.

And like that, time passed until it was the day before deployment. Deep into the night Luisen tossed and turned, unable to sleep, when out of nowhere an unexpected guest came to visit him.

.

.



Part 3: Unexpected Happenings





The visitor was a middle-aged man, a head taller than Luisen.

He was the knight commander of the duchy. However, he looked different than usual. He was always proud of his gray beard, normally kept trimmed neatly, but it was now left neglected. The sight pained Luisen.

“Knight commander? Ah, please, come in.”

‘What could be the problem?’ Luisen wondered, but invited the man in. It was late, so Ruger had returned to his own quarters. Luisen had been alone in his room. The two sat face to face at the table.

As the candlelight hit the man’s face, his wrinkles seemed to dig deeper into his skin. His face looked so old and tired; Luisen looked at him with an ambiguous mood. This was someone who had died a long time ago, and seeing him alive now seemed like a new experience.

The knight commander hesitated before speaking, “Your complexion looks so much better lately.”

“…Does it?” Luisen touched his face awkwardly–it was embarrassing to receive such a compliment. “So, what’s going on?”

“I heard that my lord is marching into the battlefield tomorrow.”

“Yes. So, you’ve heard the rumors.”

“We should be the ones to follow you into battle. I’m sorry.” The knight commander bowed his head deeply.

“Don’t say that. Carlton wouldn’t have allowed you all to come.”

“….”

Actually, if Luisen had demanded to bring his knight battalion, or if the knights insisted on accompanying their lord, Carlton would not have refused. But Luisen swallowed this truth and offered up niceties. Perhaps the knight commander also realized this truth; he looked uneasy and ashamed.

After an awkward silence, the knight commander took out a small pouch he had been holding to his bosom. Inside was a sleek bracelet made of platinum.

“There’s strong magic in this. If you swing your arm while wearing this bracelet, it will shield you from harm.”

Deep within his foggy memories, Luisen recalled that the knight commander had cherished this bracelet. After a great accomplishment, he was presented with this magic accessory by the duke’s ancestors. The knight commander polished and shined the bracelet every day; it became his most cherished keepsake and a symbol of his pride.

“Is it all right to give this to me?”

“I sincerely hope you won’t need to use it, but just in case. I’m so sorry that I have nothing else to give when my lord is leaving for battle.”

“Please, it’s alright…”

“It’s not being used here anyway,” the knight commander said despondently.

The fragile candle flame flickered with the strength of someone’s–Luisen didn’t know whose–sigh. Luisen moistened his dry lips as he observed the deep shadows that cut across the other man’s tired face. With effort, he uncovered his heart and spoke the words he wished to tell the knight commander long ago.

“I’m so sorry.”

The knights the commander had carefully trained were sent to support the second prince; their fate–whether they were alive or not–was still uncertain. Nevertheless, he stood to protect his duke and the territory without complaint during the battle against Carlton and his men. Of course, Luisen had made such sacrifice meaningless with his surrender. With the knowledge from his regression, Luisen knew that this was the best course, but the knight commander didn’t know the future.

The knight commander was silent for a brief moment before saying with a heavy voice, “We are knights that serve the lord. I don’t dare complain about how you decided to use us.”

“…..”

“But to be honest…I can’t always maintain that poise. As a knight of the Anies Duchy, we take pride in protecting the territory. It’s coldhearted for the duke to not acknowledge that.”

The commander hadn’t had the chance to even confront Carlton. The battle he fought became meaningless–the deaths of the militia were all in vain with the surrender. And, Luisen had acted on his own without the blessings of his advisors.

All of that informed the knight commander of Luisen’s inability to trust his advisors, thus both his pride and his feelings were wounded.

“I know my lord does not like his homeland, and my lord is also uncomfortable with his retinue. But still…couldn’t you have tried to convince us just a bit more? Trusted us with your desires?”

“…..My heart was in a hurry.” Luisen had no other choice in that situation. The window of opportunity was slim, and that was the best decision possible at that moment. However, the nuances of his surrender would be lost on those that were ignorant of the future.

The awkward silence hung heavily on their shoulders.

Flowery words may have appeased the commander, but Luisen didn’t want to be insincere. Luisen’s apology, therefore, held more weight. The knight commander abruptly stood up; the conversation ended cleanly, as if he had only arrived to deliver the bracelet.

“I’ve brought up something useless. I should get going.” The knight commander quickly left the room. Luisen maintained his polite demeanor until the door closed, at which point he sighed in relief.

The commander still had residual resentment against Luisen. Nevertheless, he couldn’t let Luisen go to such a dangerous place without protection, so he offered his most prized possession.

“What a painfully honest noble.”



******



A man with such a personality must be affected more by this incident. It was also difficult for Luisen to see his long-time servant suffer through such mental hardships.

If only he had appreciated the hard work of the good people around him. If only he suited the title of the duke better.

It was meaningless to dwell upon ‘what ifs’ and alternate scenarios, but Luisen couldn’t shake away the vague feeling of bitterness.

The quiet, sleepless night passed slowly.



*****



Without fail, time passed and morning arrived. Ruger woke early to solemnly dress and prepare Luisen for his journey.

Luisen wore chainmail over his usual dress shirt and a tough, waterproof leather coat over that. He didn’t forget to wear the bracelet given by the knight commander on his right wrist. Though unused and a bit rough, all of the armor had been created for Luisen so the fit matched well.

Although Luisen didn’t look like a knight, his delicate looks and sleek appearance made him look like a prince. He stepped out into the vacant lot where Carlton and his men were already gathered.

They all burst into laughter, as if some grand joke had been made. The atmosphere was light, as if they were departing on a hunting journey.

“Isn’t it good that you didn’t wear plate armor?” Ruger whispered.

Luisen nodded. At first, he tried to pack plate armor that covered his entire body and a lance as well. Wouldn’t it be safer to be fully armed in combat?

On further consideration, however, Luisen had no formal training as a knight, and he wouldn’t have been able to move around agilely in plate armor. It would have been far more difficult to ride a horse with stilted movements–so he gave up on full cover with tears in his eyes.

Carlton’s men, though cavalrymen, looked quite different from what he had expected. Few wore armor from head to toe; few wore chainmail. Most of them were clad in tough leather armor with a few iron plates covering the important areas.

Plate armor was incredibly expensive and cost a lot of money to maintain. It was complicated–impossible to take on or off alone. Considering these details, perhaps it was obvious that mercenaries, closer to common folk than noble soldiers, wouldn’t be armed with full equipment.

“You look too prepared right now compared to the other soldiers, but with plate armor, my lord would have become a laughingstock.” Ruger nodded.

Why did Carlton’s men have no sense of crisis even as they were about to go to war?

‘They seem like they’re just going on a training trip.’

Luisen’s mind began to conjure strange suspicions. ‘Maybe he’s attacking the Vinard territory as a training exercise, such that his men don’t let their skills rust.’

Carlton’s joyful attitude only furthered his doubts. Wasn’t it weird to leave the infantry behind and only bring the cavalry, a small group?

Carlton approached Luisen as soon as their eyes met. “Duke, we’ll be leaving now.”

“I just hope I won’t be a hindrance.”

“All you have to do is follow behind us.”

“….”

Then Carlton skillfully mounted his horse. He was so natural, pulling the reins and steering the horse’s direction. It seemed as if he and the horse shared one body. He embodied a strength that could not arise from training–and certainly Luisen, who had barely learned for less than a decade, could not follow his grace. Riding on a horse, Carlton was certainly worthy of admiration.

‘I’ve also tried to learn to ride horses in my childhood, so why….Is this the result of talent?’ Luisen was depressed.

“Duke, you should mount your horse,” Ruger said.

“Ah, Uh….Please hold onto it well.”

“Of course.”

With Ruger’s help, Luisen managed to clamor onto the horse. The sudden elevation made him dizzy, and spots appeared in his vision. He gripped the horse’s reins as if they were a lifeline. He hoped desperately that the horse hadn’t noticed his anxiety.

‘Um….Ugh….’ Luisen groaned.

“Ride fast, with all your might! No one here forgot to ride their horse during their break, right?” Carlton shouted.

‘Here. Me.’ Luisen wanted to raise his hand, but he also had no desire to suffer through the inevitable disdainful gazes.





TL: I’m in exams period T_T Hopefully everything will go well. Luckily, I had a bunch of chapters stockpiled.





Chapter 20


Chapter 20



In a split second, Ruger had pulled up alongside Luisen’s horse. As a noble servant, he was an excellent rider. “I’ll be by your side, assisting my duke. The road will be flat; you’ll be fine.”

“Okay, I’ll put my trust in you….”

The party began to depart.

‘Let’s just quietly follow. What could go wrong?’ Luisen took a deep breath and spurred his horse.

At that time, Luisen didn’t realize how hard it was to plaster oneself to the horse like a dead body–how hard it was to fulfill the ‘easy’ deed to follow the party!



****



They were left in the middle of a village.

Only Luisen and Ruger remained on the road. Carlton and the rest of the group had long faded into the horizon.

Luisen had been left behind before he and his attendant could even properly get out of his territory.

“Haaaah…..” Luisen let out a long sigh.

Ruger looked at Luisen as if he was at his wits end. Luisen also could only sigh more, as he had no easy solution.

‘Was I…..truly this bad at riding….?’

It had been okay at first.

The party departed slowly. Luisen was quite unsteady, but he was able to follow along. But, perhaps everyone was so excited to leave the castle after such a long time of being stationary? Or perhaps the problem was that there were no obstacles in front of them on this open road?

Carlton and his men gradually began to increase speed; after a minute of regaining their senses, their horses began to gallop.

Luisen’s poor riding was unable to keep up with these skillful warriors. The duke was part of the leading retinue at the beginning of the journey, but as time went on, he was gradually pushed backwards until he could no longer touch the tails of the horses before him.

They had to follow after the rest somehow. Luisen had no doubt that Carlton would find some way to find fault with him…but–the bigger issue–he was embarrassed!

Luisen’s heart was in a hurry, but his body couldn’t follow along. Frustration simmered within him. Luisen had directed his temper to his horse, trying to urge it to move with polished but curt words, and the annoyed horse refused to move.

“Please. Horse. Why are you doing this? Can’t we quickly go? Hmm?” Luisen shook the reins and dug into the sides with his heels. He did everything, but his horse had only snorted his refusal.

Simultaneously, Carlton and his men were quickly disappearing in the distance. Anxiously, Luisen called out to them, but his voice was buried underneath the clopping sound of hooves. Nobody looked back–Luisen was sure he was forgotten.

Ruger did not forget his duty and remained by the side of his master.

“Come on, you’re a good horse, right? Will you move for us?” Ruger dismounted and tried to coax Luisen’s horse. “I don’t think this will work, it’s not budging. The horse is incredibly upset.”

“They said it was the mildest of horses in the duchy though…”

“That’s true….”

“I guess even I’d be annoyed to be the steed of such an incompetent rider.” Luisen sighed again. Ruger continued to fret, voicing his worries–not one tail of Carlton’s horses was now visible.

“What should we do?” Ruger asked.

“What can we do? Even if we walk, we have to follow somehow.” If they continued to walk on this road, maybe Carlton would notice their absence and return for them. Or, if the cavalry continued to the Vinard territory without them, Luisen would be thankful.

Anyway, it was important to maintain the image that he tried to follow along. Luisen needed to show that he hadn’t intentionally fallen behind. Furthermore, there was no use standing still in the middle of a village.

Luisen clambered off his horse.

The insolent horse extraordinarily became calm as soon as Luisen dismounted. It followed Ruger tamely as he took the reins.

Luisen, Ruger, and their two horses began to walk along the quaint road.

‘Now that I think about it, I haven’t been outside the castle since my regression.’ Luisen had been busy circling the castle and its outskirts, running errands for Carlton. Even while surrendering on that fateful night, Luisen had taken the forest path and avoided the village.

‘It’s been a long time since I’ve seen the village…I thought I’d never see it again.’ The village below the castle had disappeared when the duchy burnt down. Though Luisen had been away for a long time, the memory of his hometown was still vivid in his mind.

‘That’s the flower shop, right? And there’s the tobacco refinery next to it? I think there’s a greengrocer somewhere around here as well….’

Luisen, lost in longing, made eye contact with a woman who stood by the window of a two-story building. She didn’t greet Luisen nor hide from him; she just stared. Perhaps due to her deep set eyes, her gaze was quite piercing.

‘Who’s that?’

Luisen did not know this woman. Luisen had quite the loud dating history in the capital, but he had never made a partner on the estate. However, her penetrating glare made his steps falter.

Luisen noticed the strange sense of disharmony stagnating in the air. He was absorbed by nostalgia, but as he cleared his mind, something was definitely wrong.

‘Why is it so quiet?’

The main road connecting the outer and inner districts was one of the busiest places in the village. It had always been crowded with people, horses, and wagons. But now it was quiet for the first time in Luisen’s life.

Not a single person was seen on the street–there was no one except for Luisen and Ruger. Unbelievable…even if the gate was sealed, people would still be living in the village. However, Luisen couldn’t hear any signs of life. The village sounded like an abandoned ghost town.

‘What……?’

While Luisen was lost in anxiety, Ruger, sticking close to his master, said grimly, “My duke, It would be best for us to mount our horses.”

“Huh?”

Ruger was looking at a distant location. Following his wary gaze, Luisen saw a small crowd.

The people who were hiding in the alleyways or inside their houses came out one by one and approached Luisen. They had no strength in their bodies, and their faces were caked with dirt. Their cheeks were gaunt–like walking corpses. Each desperate eye was bloodshot; Luisen was horrified.

“What happened to these people?” he murmured.

The Anies territory was rich; ordinary villagers were also able to gain weight and sport supple skin. The generosity of life exuded from their appearance. The villagers of the castle footholds, especially, lived a particularly wealthy life as they were close to the duke’s castle. Normally, they were people who would have lived without knowing hunger for all their lives.

Though the village was quarantined, there still was plenty of time before winter. Additionally, the cold season shouldn’t have been a problem as the village should have stocked food supply reserves in advance.

One of the villagers stepped forward and asked, “My lord…You’re the lord, aren’t you?”

Luisen wasn’t willing to confirm anything. ‘The atmosphere is alarming….’ He wondered if a riot was about to break out. The villagers’ faces seemed to all be filled with anger. It would be better to approach more covertly and ask what had happened.

While Luisen was carefully choosing his words, Ruger stepped forward. He covered his master with one arm, protecting him, and shouted at the people.

“That’s right. This man here is Luisen, the Duke of Anies! Knowing that, how dare you block his path?!”

‘…Crazy Ruger! Shut up!’ Luisen panicked.

“Please don’t worry, my lord. Now that they know you’re the duke, they’ll get out of your way.”

‘No, no. The issue is that you’ve revealed my identity!’ Luisen dropped his head into his hands.

“It’s the lord.”

“The lord is here!”

“The lord came out of his castle!”

Lured by the uproar, more people gathered in no time. The crowd was so intimidating that Luisen plastered himself by Ruger’s side.

“What are you doing?!” Ruger was shocked by the unexpected reaction and gave an indignant shout.

“We’re from the village! We have something to demand from the lord!”

“There’s something we need to ask!”

Ruger quickly declined all the requests with one single stroke, “If you have any questions, go through the proper formalities!” Luisen didn’t even have the chance to calm the crowd and hear them out.

“Formalities? Procedures??”

“Even if we go through them, you won’t listen to us at all!”

“Did you go through the proper procedures when you robbed our granary and storehouses?”

Luisen was in shock. “Wait, what? What did you say?” he asked.

At his words, dozens of people aired out their grievances. “Give us back what you took!”

“All the grain foodstuffs have been taken, the distributed rations have disappeared, and we’re barred from leaving the grounds? Are we supposed to die?!”

“Outside the castle grounds, the fields are laden with wheat, but the inner city is left to scramble for crumbs and starvation!”

""



The sky shook with the villagers’ loud cries of fury and resentment. More shouting layered upon tears. The many voices began to mix together and created a confusing cacophony.

‘What are they saying? They’re starving to death? How could they be starving to death? Why?? What are they saying we took, and what are these distributions?’ Luisen was puzzled.

What had happened to the village at this time of the year? What had happened after the war? Luisen couldn’t remember. Or, more accurately, Luisen didn’t forget, but these details were lost to time in the future.

“Please, slowly tell me the details. I…..I don’t know anything….” Luisen said.

However, Ruger blocked Luisen from moving forward. “Please stay still, Duke. It’s dangerous. I’ll take care of it. You don’t need to work directly with these ruffians.”

“What? Did you just call us ruffians?” A very angry man rushed to grab Ruger by the collar, but Ruger simply overpowered the man and threw him forward. An ordinary, starving villager was no match for a noble youth who had trained in martial arts.

Ruger, angry at being threatened by the townsfolk, finally raised his bow. He aimed at the man on the ground.

‘T-this is crazy!’ Luisen panicked and quickly grabbed Ruger’s arm.

“Don’t stop me! How dare these commoners attack the nobility!”

“Don’t talk nonsense and lower your bow! These are my people!” Luisen managed to take away Ruger’s weapon, but it was too late.

“The servant of the lord tried to kill the people of this land!”

“No, calm down!” However, now no one would listen to Luisen. The crowd’s patience, which had been stretched tight like rubber, had finally snapped. Ruger’s behavior sparked an uncontrollable spread of anger.

The crowd had become agitated, losing all reason. The situation had instantly distorted.





TL: (I’ll do a bonus chap soon in the future, Thanks Er la Inertia and Io! Thanks for enjoying this novel and the translation!)

Also, that feel when Luisen wants to say he’s not classist but everyone around him messes that up.





Chapter 21


Chapter 21



“The lord is trying to kill his own people!”

“The lord wants to kill us!”

“I’m not, though!” Luisen cried.

“Give us bread!”

“Open the gates!”

“My lord, let’s leave. You don’t have to deal with every single violent mob or riot,” Ruger said.

“We’re not a violent mob!”

Absolutely insane. Why could these villagers hear Ruger so well, anyway? Luisen felt like he was about to go crazy.

Why did it turn out like this? Until just a moment ago, Luisen had been enjoying a quiet walk.

“Please, mount your horse. We have to get out of here first,” Ruger said.

Luisen tried to mount the horse as Ruger requested. However, the horse kept stepping away; Luisen’s feet could not reach the stirrups.

“The lord is trying to run away!” Those who saw Luisen trying to mount the horse crowded closer in a last ditch effort to get his attention. When Luisen tried to force his way through the crowd on top of the horse’s back, the people rushed at him, frightening the horse.

Neigh!!

The horse shook its body and raised its front hooves. Luisen, who was about to sit in the saddle, was thrown to the ground.

‘Nngh!’ The impact made Luisen’s body curl up. At that moment, something sharp flew towards him.

Luisen reflexively swung his right hand.

Clank!

Something bounced off the small but hard shield that the bracelet had created. The metallic clang sounded like a dagger.

‘What? Where did this come from? Who did this?’ Luisen looked up in surprise, but he was already surrounded on all sides by agitated villagers.

‘Ah….’

The people looked down upon him. The sunlight poured in from behind, creating dark shadows on their faces. Dozens of eyes, all with burst capillaries, were fixed upon Luisen, penetrating the young lord with their glares.

Hungry and angry people.

In his past life, these types of people had been everywhere. Luisen, powerless after wandering around as a beggar, was easy prey for them. No matter if he was begging, working, or just standing and existing, he was often beaten half to death, surrounded, just like this situation, by a volatile crowd.

""



‘I-I have to run.’ Once again, old memories began to arise. A deep-seated sense of fear seized Luisen. Fear consumed reason and paralyzed his senses. He was once again nothing more than a poor and powerless duke–with no nobility and no hometown, he had returned to a life of endless wandering.

His heart was pounding, but his two legs would not move. In such a state of extreme confusion, his body would not listen.

Someone grabbed Luisen by the collar.

“We’ve got the lord!”

While Luisen reeled from the impact, someone else grabbed his arm. With an audible rip, the sleeve of his shirt tore off. Luisen swayed between eager hands like a paper doll, bruising everywhere.

Luisen’s spiritless body was thrown here and there.

Then, a familiar, unforgettable voice rang out, “Duke! Lord Anies! Where are you?!”

It was a black knight riding on a black horse.

Carlton had come looking for him.

“Sir Carlton! Over here!” Luisen shouted. However, it did not seem that Luisen’s voice could be heard over the deafening din of the crowd. ‘What can I do?’ Carlton’s gaze was scanning the opposite direction. Like this…Luisen’s savior may ride away.

‘I can’t let that happen!’ Luisen had quickly thought of a solution in that moment. Even if humans couldn’t hear him, a horse surely could.

Luisen freed his arms with all his might and brought his left hand near his mouth. Forming a circle with his fingers, he blew into his hand. A long, clear whistling sound, often used in riding training, cut through the air. The sound was not as piercing as it could have been, competing with the roaring crowd.

The black horse, with its sensitive ears, turned towards Luisen, and Carlton didn’t miss the small shift in his steed. His eyes followed the horse’s gaze and locked onto Luisen.

Carlton reacted immediately. He pulled on his horse’s reins, urging his steed to leap a considerable distance. Luisen had no idea how the knight managed to move so nimbly in such a crowd. The gigantic black horse, after vaulting over the people’s heads, landed in front of Luisen.

“Get away from him!”

Carlton’s fearsome movements terrified the crowd. They were ordinary folk, and though they were incensed with anger, they knew they were no match for Carlton, who had fought on the front lines numerous times. The villagers finally released their hold on the lord.

Carlton snatched Luisen away without even having to swing his sword. As if he were holding a mere child, he hefted Luisen’s light body up and held him effortlessly against his side.

“Don’t struggle,” Carlton whispered.

Luisen closed his eyes and nodded. Thinking of the last time he’d been on this horse, there was certainly nothing good about opening his eyes.

And Luisen was proven right. Carlton took off, horse leaping into the air similarly to how he had approached Luisen in the crowd. Luisen tightly clenched his jaw and swallowed a scream; he felt as if he were flying through the sky.

Carlton easily jumped through the angry crowd and quickly escaped the riotous situation. No one dared to block his way.



***



When the two arrived at the entrance to the village, Carlton finally released Luisen.

“U-urk.” As soon as his feet touched the ground, Luisen gagged. Carlton looked at his prone figure calmly, with neither sympathy nor contempt.

‘That could have been a disaster.’ After a while–when his dizziness had faded–Luisen looked up. Carlton handed him a water canteen to rinse his mouth.

“Where are we?” Luisen felt stable enough to pay attention to his surroundings.

“We’re at the village outskirts.”

“You’ve saved me twice now.”

“Yes, well…” Carlton was also very surprised. He had thought Luisen was following behind closely, but as he waited for the territory’s gates to open, he realized he could no longer see Luisen nor the lord’s servant.

‘I was too excited. After only signing paperwork all day long in the castle, I was too excited to ride through the open fields of the south.’ Carlton’s blood boiled at the brief freedom. He and his men had gradually increased their speed, vying for the lead and competing against each other. In the midst of their fun, Carlton had completely forgotten about Luisen.

After realizing Luisen was no longer in sight, Carlton had thought the lord would soon follow. After all, all nobles learned to ride horses as soon as they could walk. Horses were expensive creatures; riding skillfully was seen as a symbol and privilege of the nobility.

He hadn’t known that Luisen was such a terrible rider.

Later Carlton had hurried back and retraced his path to find Luisen. By the time the knight arrived, the villagers had already started a riot, and Luisen was already buried in the crowd.

Carlton’s soldiers stationed at the castle had also mobilized when they’d heard the news of the riot in the village. If Carlton had been one step behind, Luisen might have gotten seriously injured.

“That could have been dangerous.”

“I’m sorry.” Luisen bit his lips and recalled, one by one, the various grievances the villagers had yelled at him. ‘They said their food and water supplies were taken. Rations had stopped being distributed.’

Slowly, he pieced together the clues in his mind.

During war time, all granaries and excess supplies were seized from the territory–quite standard for wars involving territorial disputes. The ruling household would then ration necessities for a living.

However, when Luisen had suddenly surrendered, a glitch in the well-oiled system appeared. As Carlton’s soldiers seized the castle, the administrative system completely collapsed. The day to day operations were dismantled, and distribution was suspended.

All the soldiers were detained and the castle’s servants were too busy waiting upon Carlton’s men. On top of that, all the officials went on strike, refusing to work underneath Luisen and Carlton’s rule. Only Luisen had retained freedom to work, but he was completely unaware of the situation.

‘Is it all my fault, after all?’ Luisen grasped his head.

Finally, he understood the treasurer’s despair at his abrupt actions, the hostility from the servants, and Carlton’s ridicule. Carlton’s question came to mind, when he’d asked about Luisen’s interest in the village’s situation. He must have known something was wrong there.

“You….did you know about the state of the villagers and the village?” Luisen asked.

Carlton nodded, as if this knowledge was obvious. “Yes, of course I knew. The duke truly had no idea?”

“…If I knew, then I wouldn’t have ignored their plight,” Luisen murmured, flagellating himself. He couldn’t raise his head, shoulders heavy with pity for the villagers and shame for himself. Carlton looked down at the rounded crown of the young lord’s head.

Finally, the time had come to laugh at the lord. Carlton had secretly looked forward to this opportunity ever since he had seen Luisen’s noble poise. How could a lord not know when the people in his territory were starving?

But, his laughter did not come.

Luisen had a pale face, as if he were about to faint. His shock and regret were plainly evident in his expression. The elegance that had been crafted since birth, the noble arrogance, had left him. Only the image of a young, ignorant, and vulnerable man remained.

Luisen stood on the precipice of despair; a single push could send him hurtling into an endless pit of depression.

‘Let’s just leave it alone.’

This and that, everything was just too annoying. Carlton decided to wait on ridiculing the lord until the situation was sorted out.

“If you’ve sobered up, then let’s return to the castle. I’ll escort you there,” Carlton said.

“Wait a moment. I have a favor to request from you.” Luisen grabbed Carlton by the wrist. “I want to see the situation in the village for myself. With my own eyes.”

“No. That’s too dangerous.”

“That’s why I’m asking you. I’ll be safe with you.”

“Why would I….” Carlton attempted to shake off Luisen’s hand. However, at that moment, their gazes connected. Luisen’s blue eyes were filled with fervent hope, as if Carlton were his only savior.

‘Honestly, it would be better to just take him to the castle.’

Luisen’s shock shouldn’t have mattered to Carlton. Rather, the young duke’s actions had distorted his original plans–anger would have been an apt response. If Carlton escorted Luisen back to the castle, he and his men could leave for the Vinard estate without getting dragged into the territory’s issues.

But, going against his own thoughts, Carlton nodded. He had been ready to refuse, but was struck speechless by Luisen’s gradually brightening and sunny expression.





TL: Bonus chapter as promised~ After translating a bit…I think Carlton’s a face-con

""





Chapter 22


Chapter 22



“Thank you. Thank you so much. I’ll repay this favor, someday,” Luisen said.

“We’re only doing one lap of the village.”

“Yes. That’s fine. I can’t shamelessly hope for more than that.”

Carlton had once again seated Luisen on the saddle and started his horse. Luisen held tightly onto Carlton’s clothes–fear was forgotten for determination.

‘Why did I agree to this?’ Carlton thought. He could feel tension passing from Luisen’s body to his. The lord’s tremors could have easily gotten on Carlton’s nerves, but the feel of his body eased his senses.

For Luisen, whose body had been plastered against Carlton’s back, the knight he had been so afraid of was temporarily no longer his biggest concern.

The town’s situation was too severe.

The people who took to the streets were in better condition–they at least had the energy to move and shout. The rest of the villagers simply didn’t seem to have the strength to leave their houses. Thus, many of the roads were empty, and all normal activity had halted. With no promise of when this crisis would pass, the villagers were engulfed by endless anxiety.

One corner of the village housed people that had fled their homes for the castle or its outskirts: farmers who had thought that the castle surroundings would be safer, and the families of the conscripted soldiers. They lived in temporary tents and used worn blankets for beds. The cold season had not started in earnest, but still the weather was not kind to the homeless. Tired and ill, they could only roll their eyes to follow Luisen as he passed by.

Their eyes were incredibly lethargic; in their unfocused pupils, Luisen perceived deep hunger.

It was a pain that Luisen knew well.

Starvation made one hungry, at first. Then, the intestines will twist in pain, and the brain will only be filled with thoughts of food. Only animal instincts remained.

Rotten fruit, moldy bread, muddy grass roots…

For the sake of eating, for the sake of filling the stomach, starvation drove you to ignore nausea and stuff anything you could grab into your mouth. You would do anything for a crumb–hard labor, begging, stealing, even prostitution.

Then, when the hunger was temporarily sated and you would return to your senses, you’d be horrified at your behavior. Your ego would cry out in misery and disgust. And yet, even as your pride crumbled, the food–wretched morsels–would taste so sweet.

Luisen sympathized with the anguish these villagers were currently feeling.

He groaned. ‘Why couldn’t I have checked in on the village before the situation got so severe? Why didn’t I notice the signs when I was riding through? I can’t believe I congratulated myself for being a good lord when such pain was brewing right underneath my nose.’ A sense of shame filled his being.

“….Let’s just return to the castle,” Luisen said, voice filled with emotion. His heart would carry the villagers’ misery with him.

Carlton silently rode the horse back to the castle.



***



After arriving at the castle, Luisen headed straight for the general’s room. There was no one more knowledgeable than him, the lord’s deputy.

“General!”

A frantic Luisen burst into the room. The general’s eyes widened at Luisen’s appearance–where had the prince-like figure loved by minstrel songs gone? He had been clean when he’d left, but here his clothes were torn, as if he had rolled around in the underbrush.

“What happened? What about the battle?”

“…That’s been cancelled. I fell behind and was left in the middle of town and got caught up with the villagers.”

“Was there a riot?”

“Yes.”

The general was greatly surprised. He knew that his lord would struggle while riding, but he didn’t think Luisen wouldn’t even be able to leave the castle outskirts. The path was a straight, well-travelled road! Even without further explanation, the general could imagine the chaotic situation. A lord appearing in the middle of a frenzy of hungry citizens; it was obvious something dire could have happened.

“And what about Ruger? What was the chief attendant doing, if not protecting you?!” the general said. Ruger had learned martial arts specifically to safely accompany Luisen as his aide and escort.

“It was too chaotic. But more importantly, it seems you knew about the town’s situation?”

“I was expecting something of the sort….but I didn’t expect that you wouldn’t even be able to make it through the territory gates….”

“No, I’m not talking about that!” Luisen shouted in a fit of anger. “Why didn’t you tell me that all the villagers were starving to death? Are you telling me that you lapsed in your duty while the people were living so poorly?!”

The general frowned and opened his eyes wider. “Don’t tell me….You had no idea of the current state of the territory?” he asked as if he couldn’t understand Luisen’s words.

“What?”

“To fund support for the second prince, I reported that we must commandeer the nearby village and requisition their warehouses. Afterwards, rations would be distributed to the people. I’m certain I got your consent for this.” The general was a thorough man; he wasn’t one to implement drastic measures without the lord’s say so.

Luisen had really forgotten all about this.

He was clumsy with paperwork. From the age of six, Luisen had merely signed the papers the general had placed in front of him. He had frantically signed countless documents and letters, his eyes growing tired beneath the terrifying amount of work. The young lord had never fully read all the papers.

In addition, that paperwork was years ago for Luisen now. The shock of burning fields and rampant death was enough to make one forget relatively trivial matters.

But, those were paltry excuses now–especially in the face of the villagers’ pain and suffering.

Luisen felt a deep sense of shame. Tears welled up in his eyes.

“….Did you really forget? How could you…Didn’t I personally explain these details?” The general was similarly taken aback. Luisen had signed this proposal by his own hands–not one year ago, but only a month ago. He would have never imagined the lord would forget; he’d assumed Luisen knew of the village’s plight but could do nothing because of Carlton’s interference.

So, the general had hushed all information regarding the village and had been secretly considering methods to rescue them.

“Haah…” the general plainly expressed his disappointment.

“Haven’t I told you, time and time again…Don’t forget that you’re the master of these golden fields.”

“…And the true treasury of this kingdom are these golden fields. And that the Anies who govern this place are an honorable family, so I must act accordingly to protect this land. I know, General.” Luisen had heard these words from the general’s mouth ever since he was young. Though it seemed, whether past or present, Luisen had not once fully embodied this message.

Luisen was too anguished and distressed to sit still. The general’s gaze pierced him like many tiny needles. The lord sprang up from his seat before pacing around the room. He walked to an open window.

The plains stretching beyond the shallow, rolling hills were drenched in the colors of the sunset. Gold, yellow, and red….the view was upsetting, so Luisen closed his eyes.

However, in the dark of his own mind, blocking the view only amplified his feelings.

After returning to the past, he felt as if he was only making more stupid mistakes and committing more wrongdoings.

‘What can I do? What was I even thinking?’

Just as Luisen had regained some confidence, he once again became disappointed in himself. Suddenly, he felt the urge to hide forever in shame.

In his despair, Luisen habitually asked himself, ‘What should I do, Saint-nim?’

In the past, when Luisen had woken up from his nightmares and sobbed for fear of the dead, the saint had kindly wiped his back.

The saint had said, “If you’re afraid of the dark, don’t cover yourself with a blanket and hide from it. Open your eyes and turn on the light. The more you avoid and avert your eyes, your fear will grow endlessly and weigh you down.”

Luisen thought…and thought again.

‘That’s right. I can’t avoid this.’

The young lord opened his eyes. He took in the beautiful scenery of his hometown and recalled how badly he missed this view. How much he wanted to return to this time.

The general looked at Luisen without much expectation.

The young Luisen had a weak temperance and a tendency to give up at any sort of obstacle. In particular, he hated to be criticized. ‘I’m sure he’ll cry and give up,’ the general thought.

But the Luisen that returned to the table seemed somehow different.

“As I have said before, I have no regrets with surrendering. Like you said, the Duke of Anies has a responsibility to protect this territory. I did my job.”

“….”

“And, about the starvation issue….Since I’ve forgotten them, it’s my fault. I’ll fix it immediately.” Luisen’s eyes belied his firm will; he was determined not to compromise.

The general was greatly surprised. A hard wicker spine had formed inside of a soft cotton doll. In Luisen, who now looked strangely mature, the general had found the vestiges of the preceding duke, whom he had admired for most of his life.

“Do you have a plan?” The general’s tone became unwittingly polite.





TL: A chapter to celebrate the last day of classes!





Chapter 23


Chapter 23

“Since Carlton currently has complete jurisdiction, we need to recruit his assistance,” Luisen said.

“That man knew the village’s situation. One order from his lips could refill the warehouses or bring in harvested wheat from the fields. Yet he chose to stay still and do nothing. My lord, what do you think that means?”

“That Carlton’s help will solve all our problems?”

“That’s not what I meant.”

“I know. You meant that it’s unlikely he’ll extend a helping hand. However, that does not mean I can simply back down.”

“That’s true, but….”

“I’ll deal with Sir Carlton, so you all should gather the people. Make a plan to rescue the people of the lower village immediately once permission is granted.”

“Will Sir Carlton allow us to gather the villagers?”

“If any of his men stop you, drop my name. I received his permission.”

“Will it truly be alright?” The general looked anxious. Could they really do as Luisen said? What recourse would they have if their actions brought more trouble?

“I personally persuaded Sir Carlton to prepare for the locusts. I’ll find a way, somehow. Don’t worry.” Perhaps that was stretching the truth, but Luisen furtively swept reality under the rug. At this time, it was more important to show confidence to his people and to reassure his general and the other retainers.

“It’s for our innocent people. Even if you bear any grudges against me, please think of them.” Luisen bowed his head deeply. The sight shook the general’s composure.

Luisen, at six, lost his parents to an infectious epidemic that ravaged the territory. The couple struggled day and night for their people and eventually succumbed to the same disease they had so desperately fought. In the end, the plague was quickly quelled by the foundations his parents had laid; it was a noble and honorable death befitting the rulers of the duchy.

As a result, Luisen had become a lord at such an early age.

On the day of his duke and duchess’ funeral, the general hugged the young lord and vowed to protect him for life. He had raised Luisen with all his overprotective heart, worried that the young lord would get hurt or become spirited away if without supervision. However, such sheltering turned Luisen into an incorrigible brat. The general couldn’t help but be disappointed and despondent at his behavior.

Even so, Luisen was his dearly beloved lord.

The person whom he had nurtured with every fibre of his youth’s affections and devotions.

There was only one answer possible for the general when such a lord asked for his help.

“I will obey your orders, my lord.” The general bowed deeply to Luisen.

‘With the general’s aid, the remaining work will fall into line quite nicely.’ Luisen smiled with relief. ‘Now if only I can manage to persuade Carlton…’

Vowing to obtain his permission at all costs, Luisen left the room.



****



As Luisen met with the general in his room, Carlton found his way to the general’s office. This office contained almost all of the estate’s administrative documents.

""



Carlton searched for a document that authorized the seizure of rations and food supplies for the war. He was certain the retainers wouldn’t be so bold as to commandeer property without the lord’s explicit permission. There was bound to be some official statement.

Just from looking at the office, Carlton could tell that the general was a competent individual. All of the paperwork had been systematically organized, and Carlton quickly found what he was looking for.

After quickly leafing through the papers, he found the desired document with the Duke of Anies’ signature clearly demarcated at the bottom.

He briefly glanced at the document, and though the signature was messy due to the urgency of the situation, it was undoubtedly Luisen’s.

‘What’s this…So he did sign off on it.’ A corner of Carlton’s heart chilled.

While touring the village together, Carlton had been observing the lord’s expressions. His pale face had revealed apparent shock and confusion.

So, Carlton had expected foul play.

As Luisen had no real power in his duchy and the retainers’ influence was strong, Carlton wondered if the retainers had committed the deed without Luisen’s knowledge.

But that obviously wasn’t the case. The seizure was something Luisen himself had allowed.

‘So you truly didn’t know? If you’ve lied, I won’t let this go.’

Had he been pretending when he’d trembled and so desperately clung onto Carlton’s back? Had he been lying when he said he wanted to fully survey the village’s crisis?

Carlton kicked the desk, and a loud noise reverberated throughout the room. He felt unpleasantly irritated.

‘Once again, a noble has proven he is nothing more than the other bottom-feeding nobles out there. Yet, why am I feeling so disappointed?…I was just briefly fooled by his face. I’m just angry that I’ve once again been deceived by another aristocrat. That’s it.’

Carlton tried to justify the unpleasant feeling within his heart. ‘It’s his face that’s the problem…that face…’

One of Carlton’s men came to see him as he was venting his anger on the innocent desk. “Um….Boss?”

They had originally scattered to search for Luisen and had just returned to the castle after hearing news of his safe arrival. A representative had come to find Carlton in order to hear his next orders.

“Let’s go.” Carlton turned and left as if nothing had happened. The subordinate, used to Carlton’s fits of temper, followed his captain out of the office.

“What happened to the village?” Carlton asked as they walked down the hall.

“It’s been roughly sorted out. They’re only villagers; they all scattered on their own when the soldiers arrived. So, there was no big conflict–I could only catch those who were unable to run away and placed them in prison.”

“We’ll only hold them for a brief while. Release them tomorrow.”

“Yes, sir.”

After thinking, Carlton added, “And prepare a meal for them.”

“Yes,” the subordinate answered. “Ah! I believe the duke’s servant was caught in the commotion and has also been captured. Won’t it be an issue if the duke’s servant is held in custody?”

“That guy?”

Carlton recalled his interactions with Luisen’s attendant. Pompous bastard–he constantly looked condescendingly at Carlton from behind his master. Though he seemed quite slick and compliant, his uniquely arrogant expression had distorted his face such that his appearance did not shine.

That man had gotten on Carlton’s nerves plenty of times. Though he was angry at the servant for openly disdaining him and his men, the duke’s servant was not someone he could easily touch.

“Is he an impersonation?” Carlton said.

“What? We’ve identified him.”

“No. I’m afraid that some villagers may be pretending to be the duke’s servant to escape punishment.” Carlton grinned. A duke’s servant could not be contained…but a villager has no such political power and can be left alone. Luisen had angered him, but Carlton felt slightly better while thinking of Ruger, who would surely suffer an uncomfortable night in prison.

“Ah, yes.” The subordinate snickered as he agreed. Everyone knew of Ruger’s arrogant words and actions; among Carlton’s men, there was no one who hadn’t engaged in minor conflicts with the servant.

He didn’t expect for Ruger to wait patiently while sharing a cell with the very villagers he’d fought.

“It’s time for that guy to taste some of the bitterness of the world.”

“People have to suffer a little to live.”

“That’s right.”

‘As expected of our boss,’ the subordinate thought. ‘He never misses an opportunity!’ Once again, Carlton’s men reflected on their deep respect for their captain’s viciousness.



******



Carlton and his subordinate returned to his requisitioned office. All the other senior subordinates had already gathered for a drink, and they were suggesting they set out again tomorrow morning.

At that moment, Luisen appeared, entering the room with firm resolution.

‘It’s not as if he’s some prisoner of war or slave entering enemy lines.’ Carlton didn’t like his attitude.

“I came to tell you something…but I see you’re joined by others. I’ll be waiting outside.”

“No.” Carlton stopped Luisen from leaving. “Just say what you need here.”

“Now?”

The gazes of Carlton’s men pierced Luisen.

Each stare provided tremendous pressure, as each mercenary was twice Luisen’s size. The gazes were neutral, but certainly not good…After all, Luisen was the reason today’s schedule had gone awry.

Luisen did not back down, however. He continued to delve into his grim business, “I’d like to resume distribution to the lower village.”

“No,” Carlton said directly, without giving it a single thought. He’d already thought about the answer to this question.

“I need to return to the warfront tomorrow. I can’t afford to give attention to this matter. There’s no manpower, time, nor supplies to distribute to the villagers.”

“If we’re short on manpower, then how about using the duchy’s men? The general will be in charge, not me. He’s very reliable, right?”

“I suppose.”

“We’ll gather the necessary foodstuffs ourselves. The portion needed for war compensation won’t be touched.”

Luisen was so insistent that Carlton couldn’t help but to continue questioning the lord. “Unless you gather foodstuffs from outside, you won’t have enough to feed them all, will you?”

In the first place, the village’s granary was requisitioned due to a lack of supplies in the castle. Self-sufficiency, beyond the provisions set aside for the war efforts, was impossible unless the gates were reopened.

“Those gates will never be opened. Don’t even dream about it.”

“I have another way. Would you allow that?”

“I see. But still, I don’t want to,” Carlton replied in a petulant heartbeat.

Luisen still did not back down. “You know the state of the people in the lower village. They’re all sick and starving. If you leave them as is, they’ll die.”

“And so?”

“Those people are innocent. They’ve just gotten tangled in political matters.”

“Perhaps it is also a sin for these ordinary people to meet such a foolish lord. Even if they live hard, their lives are wasted like common house flies at the stroke of a noble’s hand,” Carlton said angrily, pointing out Luisen’s incompetence.

“…Please have mercy on them,” Luisen begged pitifully. But his earnest appearance now looked plastic to Carlton’s indignant eyes.

“Does the duke think I have come to play around?”

“….No.”

“I’ve come to conquer the region, not to serve its people. Why must I show mercy?”





Chapter 24


CW: References to prostitution, sexually suggestive themes?



Chapter 24



Carlton continued, staring at Luisen who was at a loss for words, “To be honest, I don’t know why you’re suddenly making a fuss, my lord. You’ve been complacent this whole time, haven’t you? So then why, on the day we return to the front lines, are you suddenly concerned with ration distribution? Don’t you find this sudden interest suspicious?”

“….That’s because I truly just found out now.”

“It’s been less than a month since you signed the document. Have you already forgotten?”

“No, it’s not that I forgot. I truly did not know.”

“You didn’t know?”

“That’s…I….didn’t read it well,” Luisen earnestly tried to explain how he didn’t often read the documents–how he signed without understanding their contents. By then, his face began to glow red from embarrassment.

“So, you didn’t know its meaning and just signed what you were told to sign?”

Luisen nodded.

He felt incompetent as a human.

He truly did not want to admit it, but in order to convey his innocence, he must endure the shame.

“What can I do for you to trust in my sincerity?” Luisen asked.

“Who knows.”

“I’ll do whatever you want. I can promise you the future. Should I kneel for you again?” Luisen once again dropped to his knees. Carlton’s men gasped.

One of the four great nobles in the kingdom was once again kneeling to Carlton, a common mercenary!

If this news spread, there was no doubt that Luisen’s authority would plummet to the ground, and he would be ridiculed by his peers.

But Luisen was not in the least bit ashamed by his current actions. His face held great determination–his desire to do anything to save his territory. His noble figure was something out of storybooks, asynchronous with the current political state of affairs between the blue blooded and the common folk.

The beautiful lord kneeling before the grim mercenary.

The scene left a bitter taste in Carlton’s mouth. It looked as if Carlton was a villain threatening the citizens’ lives while Luisen was a saint sacrificing himself to their unfair demands.

‘But this was the lord’s fault! It should be his job to pick up the pieces.’

‘Why does it feel like I’m the bad guy?’ Carlton was frustrated.

“Anything? Then, do you think only your knees would suffice? Then you might as well bare your entire body to show your sincerity.”

“My body?” Luisen struggled to find meaning in the mercenary’s carelessly spoken words.

‘So he wants my body? In that sense?’ Luisen’s eyes shook as if an earthquake was wracking his insides. Carlton seemed very amused when he saw Luisen’s hesitation.

He had merely thrown out those words to insult Luisen–he wasn’t expecting Luisen to take the proposal so seriously.

‘Look at him. Even if he pretends to be merciful, he still places the utmost importance on his own ego.’ Carlton didn’t think Luisen could withstand such disgrace. He waited calmly for Luisen to throw a fit about the insult. ‘At this point, maybe we’ll have to throw him in jail too. A perfectly detained duo–the lord and his servant.’

But Luisen’s internal agitation ran on a different wavelength than Calrton’s thoughts. He knew Carlton was trying to get a rise out of him…but what if he would actually accept this kind of deal?

‘I could feed everyone in the lower villages by spending one night with him? I’ve followed and debased myself for promises akin to a few pages out of a fairytale book…Relatively speaking, this deal is just too profitable, isn’t it?’ Luisen thought.

Anyway, it was definitely good to be a noble. The payment for one night had been very different when he’d been a simple wanderer. There was nothing more to worry about, and so Luisen readily consented.

“All right.”

Upon hearing the lord’s agreement, everyone in the room united in their shared confusion. ‘What did I just hear?’ They all doubted their own ears.

Carlton also looked at the lord incredulously. “What did you say?” he asked.

“I said, fine. Didn’t I say I’d do anything to show my sincerity?” Luisen was very nonchalant. The insult didn’t seem to register, nor did he get angry. It was as if Carlton had told him he needed to pay money to buy bread–a natural transaction.

Eventually, Luisen loosened the lavish cloth around his neck. The collar of his shirt spread, revealing his white neck. His hand movements were bold and without hesitation.

Cough cough!

Carlton’s men were frightened, and they cleared their throats in vain. Although they, like their boss, would often ignore the gravity of their status difference in a reckless manner, they also knew well how outrageous this situation was.

As wandering mercenaries, they were lower than even the villagers–lower than the peasants that farmed the territory. To them, the most distinct nobles like Luisen were existences far beyond the clouds.

‘This isn’t just any old nobleman; he’s one of the great nobles…kneeling before the captain and undressing….Is this reality?’

Technically, Luisen had only bared his neck, but for Carlton and his crew, it was no less shocking than completely baring himself.

‘I-is this okay?’ Carlton’s men alternated their gazes between Luisen and their boss. Carlton’s expression looked quite complicated, his cheeks set stubbornly ablaze.

‘This is a disaster!’

Carlton notoriously had a large temper and hated to lose. Once he recognized the situation as a fight, he truly fought from the bottom of his heart. Even if his opponent was a nobleman, he would act no differently. Rather, he’d be even more stubborn in this small war of nerves.

That tenacity was one of the many reasons Carlton had managed to climb to where he was now. But the soldiers knew that catastrophe often followed that stubborn look on their captain’s face. The men turned blue in despair. 1

Carlton, as his men expected, was filled with an unyielding spirit.

‘Does he want me to call his bluff?’ Carlton truly did not believe in Luisen.

Luisen had too readily replied with his consent. Would it have been so easy for Luisen to answer if he had really intended to deliver his body to him?

Carlton didn’t think so. ‘You thought that if you offered yourself up, I’d stop you in surprise, right? I’ll show you I’m not such an easy opponent.’

After all, what kind of aristocrat would give up his own body to save the people of his land?

That’s how aristocrats were. They were all born with a sense of arrogance and privilege, squeezing the use out of their peasant citizens, calling for their worship, and taking their respect for granted. Evil and selfishness was in their blood.

He was certain the lord was simply virtue signaling for show.

‘Fine. Let’s see who wins,’ Carlton thought.

“Everyone leave.”

“What?” Carlton’s men asked in confusion.

Carlton spoke clearly, eyes fixed on Luisen, “Unless you’re curious about his precious naked body? If that’s the case, then stay.”

“Ah. No, sir.” Carlton’s men quickly stood up. They left the room hastily, like they were running from a predator, and closed the door tightly as if scared they would become ensnared in whatever catastrophe was about to occur.

Only Carlton and Luisen were left in the room. Luisen had his eyes cast downward with an indifferent expression on his face, as always. In contrast, Carlton’s expression was grim, as if he would bite at any provocation.

“You wanted to show your sincerity, right?”

“I know.”

At Carlton’s urging, Luisen slowly crawled on his knees.

Luisen’s knees pressed into the carpet as he moved forward. His shoes were heavy against the floor; as both legs rubbed against each other, the sound of rustling cloth filled the silence. That little noise made Luisen more nervous, and it also scratched at Carlton’s ears.

Little by little.

Slowly, and a bit timidly, the distance between the two narrowed.

Carlton watched, waiting for Luisen to give up and stand back on his feet. However, Luisen felt strongly drawn to the other’s gaze.

‘This is crazy.’ Luisen’s heart was trembling, like death was gripping it. It was good to be bold and drastic, but now that he was kneeling in front of Carlton, his mouth felt dry. ‘How rough will Carlton be? I’m scared to make eye contact…but I have to do this.’ He worried whether he could push past his fear or not.

The sound of his heart beating grew steadily louder.

And yet, Luisen did not back down; he had no desire to run away again. He’d promised to do anything, and this much, his dignity, was not worth sparing.

Soon, Luisen’s knees touched the tips of Carlton’s toes. Luisen put his hands in his lap.

‘This…I’m going crazy. Until when is he going to keep up this pretense?’ Carlton internally spat many curses. He felt dizzy, although he was determined to win this war of nerves.

He had practiced abstinence for too long and masked all his feelings with alcohol. It felt too stimulating to have Luisen, a perfect aristocrat, sit at his feet obediently. To feel this way about the Duke of Anies…perhaps he had lacked comfort these past few years.

When Luisen reached for Carlton’s pants, he wanted to scream, ‘Just stop! How far will you go to trick me?’

As Luisen began to untie the knot in the mercenary’s trousers, he raised his head, flustered. The two locked eyes.

“It’s not that I’m not going to do it…it’s just…this isn’t working…” Luisen’s eyes watered as if he were about to cry. His hands were stiff and unable to untie that simple knot. His voice trembled and his whole body seemed to be helpless.

The pressure he felt was conveyed to Carlton through his shaking touch.

‘What? Is he for real?’ Finally, his sharp intuition pierced its way through Carlton’s mind. He had great faith in his animal instinct, so he immediately snapped into action.

He grabbed Luisen’s hand.

“Ah, I was trying to do….” Luisen trailed off. Carlton couldn’t understand how Luisen had interpreted his actions–what he thought Carlton wanted. The young lord attempted to pull out his hand and once again resumed untying his trousers.

“That’s enough,” Carlton said gruffly.

“Huh?”

Carlton shifted his hands to support Luisen’s arms and raised him up. The young lord, light as paper, was dragged to his feet.





TL: They really played gay chicken…Remember, this is the journey of both characters learning to be better people >.<





Footnotes




This is an idiom–for example, take how in anime, characters get blue lines on their face to show despair or sadness or exasperation.





Chapter 25


Chapter 25



“I don’t think you’ve hurt your head….” Carlton murmured to himself as he carefully put Luisen down on the sofa.

Then the mercenary retreated, as if he were avoiding him.

‘What’s wrong?’ Luisen frowned for a moment and then looked at himself. His body reeked of sweat and was covered with dirt from the scuffle at the village. His palm was stained dark red–he had skinned himself when he fell during the riot–and blood had clotted in the wrinkles of skin. His rich clothes had turned ragged and were torn here and there.

‘I look terrible enough to avoid,’ Luisen thought.

He was so focused on the village’s situation that he failed to notice his own dirty appearance.

“I’ve forgotten myself–I look more horse than human right now. Shall we continue after I wash up?”

Once again, Carlton was given a glimpse into Luisen’s unfathomable mind through his ridiculous words.

This person. Had the duke–through either innocence or stupidity–really believed this absurd, vulgar joke and prepared to give up his body?

“No.” Carlton became serious.

“You’d like it better if I don’t wash?” Luisen asked with an ambiguous look on his face.

‘Was this noble always this hard of hearing?’ Carlton thought. “Absolutely not!”

""



“Then what’s the problem?” Luisen asked.

“This is crazy. I said, enough. You can stop now. My words were only meant to mock you, my duke. Nothing was genuine.”

“You were mocking me?”

“Yes. I’m not that kind of trash. I didn’t know that the duke would take my words to heart.”

“If I weren’t truly sincere, why would I go this far?”

“That’s…” Carlton hesitated. “A war of nerves…”

“Didn’t I say I would do anything? What’s the point of fighting with you so stubbornly just for pride?”

“Well, nobles would usually engage in wars of nerves even with a knife placed at their throats.”

‘Is that so?’ Luisen fumbled around in his memory to search for the answer. Indeed, there were those courageous nobles who would pick petty fights with him, a great lord. But would they have done the same with Carlton?

He was a hotheaded, noble-hating man who ran wild until he was abandoned by the first prince… 1

Luisen supposed that could have been possible. For some, pride was more important than anything else. To Luisen, however, it didn’t matter to him whether or not Carlton’s request was genuine or pure mockery.

“Then, have I properly shown my sincerity now?” Luisen asked.

“….Yes. It’s enough,” Carlton replied, a strange bitter taste lingering in his mouth. ‘Is that all you have to say?’

Carlton felt as if he had really avoided certain disaster by a hair’s breadth. Had he not stopped Luisen, the lord really would have pulled off his pants. And then…anyone could imagine what would have happened next. Even though the two were in such a disgraceful situation, his opponent, Luisen, didn’t seem to care.

“Then, you’ll give permission?” Luisen’s eyes glistened hopefully.

The shining blue eyes reminded Carlton of summer rays reflecting off a brook.

‘Is this how it is? A truly magnanimous noble? He has no ulterior motives?’ Carlton suddenly grew anxious as he looked at Luisen’s fair complexion, like a child abandoned at the shore. ‘Most people wouldn’t go this far, would they?’

Luisen was far too reckless. And Carlton concluded that predicting his behavior was pointless. They would have to compromise.

‘I’d rather keep an eye on him now rather than learn about the bizarre things he’s done behind my back later.’ Though he hated to acquiesce since it felt like he was being dragged alongside the lord’s pace, Carlton chose the path that made him less anxious.

“All right. Do as you please, my lord.” Carlton granted his permission after much consideration.

“Really?”

“Yes. But, as you proposed, you must mobilize the manpower and supplies on your own.”

“Of course!” Luisen laughed. At that moment, the room became brighter, as if another candle had been lit–his smile was too angelic.

It was a smile worth seeing, Carlton thought.

“What are you planning to do?” Carlton wanted to know why Luisen smiled so brightly–what the duke believed he could do.

“I’ll have to talk to my advisors about the details. After all, I don’t know anything.”

“You didn’t come here with a plan? What are you planning to do about the food shortage!?”

“For that…there’s something I need to check…I’ll tell you later, so don’t worry. I won’t hide anything from you. Now then, I’ll be taking my leave to visit the general,” Luisen spoke with confidence and left the room.

‘It’s more nerve-wracking when he says not to worry.’ Carlton stared at Luisen’s back as he walked out. He wondered what strange thoughts were rolling around in his round and pretty head.

As soon as Luisen left, Carlton’s waiting men all entered the room, and they seemed to be covertly biding their time until they could deny knowledge of whatever had happened inside. Their faces reflected the many questions they wanted to ask; their gazes cautiously observed both the room and their boss. They were so curious, yet hesitant, to know what had happened after they had left the room.

“The duke looks like he’s going somewhere?” A subordinate spoke up timidly. He shiftily glanced around, not wanting to light this powder keg atmosphere. Carlton’s expression alone had alerted them that something extraordinary had happened.

But Carlton was not interested in sating his men’s curiosity. “I’m delaying the battlefield deportation. Do as the duke wants….and keep an eye on him, as well as the general and the knight commander. Let me know if there’s anything suspicious, especially with the Duke of Anies.”

“Will you be away?”

“Training grounds.” Carlton had said all that he wanted to say and abruptly marched out. His subordinates were driven even more crazy with curiosity–Carlton’s grim expression had stimulated their imaginations. Suspicions of illicit acts rose within their minds.

“So, do you think the captain and the duke did it? Or not?”

“He told us to let the duke do as he pleased. If they didn’t, the boss wouldn’t say that.”

“Ohhh….the two of them…..”

The servants who had arrived to clean the room also overheard Carlton’s men’s frantic whispers. From what the subordinates were saying, the servants began to believe that Carlton had indeed made such a request and that Luisen had complied. Their suspicion was reasonable, as Carlton seemed to bend for Luisen’s favor after spending time alone together.

Thus, a strange rumor began to spread, and neither Luisen nor Carlton had any idea.



*****



Luisen headed straight for the conference room. The other advisors had all already convened, thanks to the general’s efforts and Luisen’s orders.

When Luisen walked in, all the advisors were greatly shocked. His sturdy leather coat was torn and covered in dirt, and his fine hair was a bird’s nest. Blood had dried on his palms, and his noble knees could be seen through the rips in his trousers.

“My duke!”

“Are you okay? What kind of suffering have you endured in the lower villages, for goodness’ sake?”

They had heard about the riots from the general, but they had no knowledge of their lord’s injuries and were stunned.

For fear of hurting their lord, the advisors could not rush up to him and check on his injuries themselves. No matter how they disdained his abilities as a ruler, Luisen was like their child. Seeing him hurt pained their hearts.

“My lord! Your hands are bleeding. Call the doctor first…Doctor! 2 Is he not here?! Huh?!”

“For now, let’s apply some medicinal herbs. Oh lord…are you feeling nauseous? Where else are you hurt? Ah! First, please sit down.”

For Luisen, this was a familiar routine of overprotectiveness. The duchy’s retainers tended to inadvertently shelter their lord from all harm. It had been so long since Luisen had others fuss over him like this–he was at a loss.

“Everyone, please, calm down. Our lord can’t speak over your din.” The frenetic atmosphere calmed with just one order from the general. After silencing the chamber, the general looked meaningfully at Luisen. All eyes followed, and they waited for the young duke’s orders.

“You all know the situation, correct?”

“Yes.”

Luisen scrutinized his retainers. “I’m sorry. This was something I should have taken care of on my own. But, this is also on you all as well. It’s common knowledge that I’m an incompetent lord…No matter how much you resent me, you can’t abandon your work.”

The crowns of the retainers’ heads could be seen as they slumped down with the heavy weight of regret. How shameful it was to blatantly ignore the plight of the people in the lower villages and instead complain, ‘I wish the lord would mature.’ However, Luisen had apologized first, so the weight on the retainers’ shoulders felt many times heavier.

“Don’t reprimand the villagers for what happened today. The fault lies with you all and with me. Let’s do our best to put the past behind us and get through this crisis.”

“Yes, my lord.”

“We’ll do that.”

“Sir Carlton has bestowed upon us permission to counter this dilemma. So, from now on, you’ll prepare to distribute supplies to the lower village,” Luisen said.

“Really? That man gave his permission?”

“Yes.”

Luisen nodded proudly. “You must not touch the food I have set aside for Sir Carlton and his men. We have to scrounge up something else on our own.”

“But to feed all the people, they will have to starve for a few more days until we can find some solution.”

“Many are trapped within the confines of the castle. If the gates are opened and food is bought in from nearby areas, the problem will be easily resolved.”

“Sir Carlton will not open the gates. I’ll solve the matter of the food source–calculate how many days we can last with what’s in the castle. And also count our human resources.”

The ever-childish and untrustworthy lord seemed to have brokered a deal with that dreadful Carlton for his people. Everyone present was surprised and greatly impressed by the glimpse of leadership that shone in his poise.

“I’ll wrack my brain for this. There shall be no waste.”

“Yes. Then… as for the manpower…?”

“With all the servants and knights within the castle, we may be able to run some sort of operation, even though resources may be tight,” Luisen responded.

“I’ll reassemble the guards that secure the outskirts of the castle grounds. We can also utilize the soldiers who stayed behind after the army was disbanded.”

The advisors skillfully continued the conversation after Luisen threw out a few suggestions. The long-time experience of those who had been running the estate could not be discounted. Pity for the villagers, as well as Luisen’s dashing figure, were what spurred their drive.





TL: Thanks for being patient this week! I’m still in the throes of essay period…but At least I’ve only one final essay left! Please enjoy these three chapters!





Footnotes




Originally, the novel said his head was full of temper (idiom). I felt that hotheaded was a good enough equivalent.

주치의 = Personal doctor. They said 의사 first, which is normal doctor. And then the word for personal doctor afterwards. To call for a personal doc is a bit awkward here, so I left personal out…but just so y’all know!





Chapter 26


Chapter 26



‘There’s nothing more I can do here.’ Luisen crossed his arms and observed the fervent conversation brewing between his retainers. Though he had been trying to sincerely follow along, the arguments had begun to give him a headache. ‘I’m sure the general will lead the efforts well.’

Luisen decided to leave matters to someone with far more leadership and administrative abilities than himself. As for the lord, he resolved to use this incident and further events to slowly learn about his territorial duties.

The young duke looked towards the general, who nodded his head when their eyes met. The interaction was small and insignificant, but within the benevolent gaze and polite acknowledgement, a distinct pride for his ward could be felt. He looked like he’d had a revelation where, in the time he hadn’t seen him, Luisen had finally matured into an adult. Not a single word of praise was uttered, but Luisen recognized the implicit compliment.

The general acknowledged Luisen’s efforts and his attempt to become a better lord. For the first time, Luisen felt relief when he looked at his beleaguered closest advisor.

‘That’s good.’ Luisen slipped out of the conference room with a spring in his step. Then, someone rushed after him.

“My lord.” It was the knight commander. The old knight’s wrinkled eyes were moist and red. He resolutely kneeled in front of his young master. Luisen, embarrassed, tried to stop him, but the knight commander didn’t even give him the chance to refuse his fervor.

“I’m sorry, my lord.”

“Huh? For what?” Luisen asked blankly. Why was he on his knees?

“I should have followed and protected you, my lord. After seeing how you’ve suffered, I now see I was wrong. My stubbornness–my pride–has put my lord in jeopardy…” The old knight bowed his head guiltily. “You’ve been injured like this….Really, you could have met some huge disaster. I have no right nor honor to face my lord nor his predecessor.”

The knight commander seemed truly guilty. If Luisen’s knights had followed, perhaps he and his servant would not have been abandoned in the village.

He was well aware that Luisen had poor horseback riding skills and had little to no skill in martial defense. He knew that his lord would not have been able to keep up with those seasoned mercenaries. After realizing all this and still having done nothing, the commander was resentful of his own complacency.

What if Carlton had not found Luisen? What if his lord had continued to be buffeted by the riotous crowd?

It was dizzying and horrifying to even imagine the possibilities.

“Punish this unworthy servant, my lord. I must not be forgiven for putting my emotions before my duty as a knight.”

“Honestly, what do you mean ‘punishment.’ It’s fine. I’m okay.”

“No, you mustn’t let this transgression slide. I’m a wretch that doesn’t deserve to be my lord’s knight.”

Luisen felt lost while he listened to the knight commander’s passionate self-blame. ‘No, why to this extent….’

He crouched down in front of the man, wondering what he should do. He was embarrassed by this scene. “I would have refused if you insisted on following me.”

“Even still, I should not have accepted it without a fight. Not when it concerns my lord’s safety…”

“What can you do? You dislike me…and for a good reason. I’m ignorant of issues that happen right underneath my nose.”

“It’s not my lord’s fault! The retainers should have more closely observed the situation and assisted you.”

Luisen shook his head. “No. Since I signed off on the proposition, I’m at fault. I’m sorry.”

“No, my lord. Though the territory was scrambling for a while, these events happen as we go through life. Do you think there has never been such crises during the late duke’s reign?” The knight commander began to comfort Luisen, and the conversation seemed to oscillate between the two as they tried to comfort each other. As tiresome as the situation had been, Luisen knew how present he was in his knight’s mind–a silver lining to this catastrophe. 1

“Those are wise words. Yes, people will make mistakes as they live.”

“But….”

“Do you think I don’t know the depths of your loyalty? You gave me a magic item that you care for as much as your own life.” Luisen revealed the bracelet given to him by the knight commander–the very same accessory that guarded him against some attacks from the crowd aimed at his blind side. He carefully removed the bracelet and placed it back in the commander’s hands.

“Thanks to your care, I was able to get back to the castle safely. Thank you for lending me something so precious,” Luisen said.

“My lord….”

“I’m sorry I didn’t spare some consideration for your feelings.”

The commander, more than anyone else, had stood by his principles and moral virtues. This upright but stubborn man had protected the territory even after he was abandoned by his masters, one through death and the other through negligence. Such fierce loyalty, which did not retreat in the face of death, deserved respect.

Luisen didn’t think he deserved the man’s apology, as he had died a dog’s death in the previous timeline. 2

‘Who would dare to punish whom?’ Luisen thought. ‘I ran away and he stayed.’

“You’ve always done your duty. I’m the one who should apologize.” Luisen knew that no matter how many times he would say sorry, the deep guilt could not be conveyed.

Though no one else could access that long lost memory, Luisen couldn’t forgive himself, to stop mourning the staunchly loyal commander’s death.

Luisen silently took the commander’s hands in his own. “Thank you. Always.”

“My lord….”

On the other hand, the knight commander was surprised at Luisen’s touch. Those hands used to be small and soft, like sprouting leaves blooming in early spring. Now, however, these hands had grown larger and were firmly supporting themselves.

A knight who seeks punishment; the master who feels the need to apologize instead–when did he become so reliable?

Tears spilled from the corners of the knight’s eyes, soaking the deep set wrinkles on his face. Each large droplet was as heavy as the years he had lived.

“I will never take my lord lightly again. I will trust and follow your orders faithfully,” the knight commander vowed.

‘That’s..not it though. Why would he trust me? What is there to trust?’ Luisen questioned his wisdom, but he wasn’t so uncouth as to throw the older man’s goodwill back in his face. 3 Instead, in a dignified and elegant manner, Luisen finished comforting the old knight and sent him back to the conference room to fulfill his duties.

‘I’m thankful…but they shouldn’t trust me too much….I’ll only lead them into trouble….’

Thanks to his knowledge of the future, Luisen had seemed intelligent for a while, but Luisen ws originally someone who didn’t like to use his brain and was inattentive. He knew his unreliable self the best.

He’d have to fix their misconceptions sometime. Luisen grumbled and quickened his pace.



*****



There were several prisons in the duke’s estate. Luisen had asked Carlton’s men in advance where the villagers were being confined–the basement dungeons. It was a prison for the criminals with clear charges, a place to isolate them from the others before trial.

Generally, those caught in riots would be exiled from the territory. In some cases, fines or communal labor may replace a harsher sentence, depending on the lord’s discretion.

But, harming the lord or the Anies family would often result in the death penalty. For those who lived underneath the protection and mercy of their noble ruler, any physical retribution was a serious act of treason that threatened the stability of the system. No noble family would ever let such crime slide.

The people captured during the day were hardly the ones who directly injured Luisen.

But, their fates depended on the lord’s perspective; whether or not he viewed them as those caught in the flow of anger or those who had participated in intentional harm against the ruling family. The Duke of Anies had the right to judge crimes committed on his territory.

Carlton currently held the right to hold trial, but their fates still depended on Luisen’s whim–Carlton had given permission for Luisen to do as he pleased.

Though stepping inside the duke’s castle would usually be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for the villagers, their visit was tainted by being confined in the basement dungeon. A distinct anxious atmosphere filled the prison. When Luisen climbed down the stairs, many entreaties were lobbed at the duke, who held the key to their life or death in his hands.

“I’m sorry, my lord!”

“I’d never attack you, my lord, I swear!”

Each cry reverberated off the stone walls, creating a dizzying cacophony. Within the panicked cries, a familiar voice could be heard.

“My lord! My lord! It’s me! I’m over here!”

“…Ruger?”

Ruger was locked up in a cell which he shared with five or six other villagers.

“Why are you there?” Luisen said, surprised. He walked straight to the cell.

Ruger molded his body to the iron bars and desperately called out to his master. “My lord. Oh, my lord. You’ve finally come to save me, haven’t you?”

“I didn’t even know you were here? Why are you here anyway?”

“I was captured earlier in the day, after Carlton had taken my lord away. I tried to follow behind, but I got caught up in these peasants’ riot.”

No wonder Luisen couldn’t find his servant. Honestly, Ruger had reaped what he sowed, but the experience must have been quite traumatizing. His eyes were moist with tears, and Ruger’s physical condition seemed quite poor.

“Come on out for now.” Luisen motioned for the guard to open the door. Ruger flopped out of the cell with sloppy movements. He could not straighten his back properly, and his joints creaked like a rusty hinge.





TL: Thank you guys for reading <3





Footnotes




The original novel states that Luisen was quick to grab onto the horse’s tail–aka to seize something (in this case, to seize the good aspects of the catastrophe.) Idiom~

A dog’s death = a grim/horrid death, not befitting a human. A death that defies human rights.

the original idiom is to throw ashes in the face–aka to be ungrateful or rude in a heartwarming situation.





Chapter 27


Chapter 27



‘Hmmmm…They really did a number on you.’

Though Ruger’s face may have been clear of visible injuries, Luisen was sure his body was a mess underneath his clothes. Luisen looked inside the prison cell confining his servant. The people trapped in there were quite different from the other prisoners. They didn’t beg Luisen for release and instead looked at him with chaotic eyes. Their repulsed gazes seemed to convey complete disregard for their lives, daring the young lord to do as he pleased.

One could roughly guess the hardships Ruger had suffered while confined in a cell with those kinds of people.

‘Maybe…Was he purposefully jailed in such a situation…?’ Luisen thought.

It would fit with Carlton’s vindictiveness. Everyone was well aware of Ruger’s condescension and derision for the low-born.

Luisen knew that one day retribution would come for his loose mouth. 1

Honestly, he deserved some of it. Luisen hadn’t known in the original timeline, but he was now privy to some of Ruger’s despicable ingrained behavior. He was quite good to his master and the other nobles, but the low-born servants and Carlton’s men would have desperately wished to just punch him in the back of the head. How ugly must he have seemed in their eyes.

“Ugh, I’m dying! My duke, those people are truly evil. Even though they knew I was the duke’s servant….”

“…I’m sure you provoked them.”

“Ah! My lord! It’s absolutely unfair!”

“Then, why must you always talk in a way that raises others’ ire?”

“Me? What did I do wrong?”

“You’re always like that. Just consider what happened at the village today. Did you truly need to provoke the villagers in that situation? It’s like you’re trying to create trouble.”

“I would never! I wouldn’t dare! Those scoundrels were rude to the duke first; I said what I needed to as your chief attendant.”

“Why did you wield your bow?”

“You knew how dangerous the situation was! I was the only one who could protect my lord in that situation! I had to do something. I’ve only done my job…how mean of you to side with those bastards…” Ruger cried, claiming injustice. His pitiful form loosened the sternness in Luisen’s heart.

“My duke is not to blame–those bastards are bad people. They’re pretending to be good little villagers, framing me and deceiving my lord.”

“……”

“How dare they attack their lord! Please, execute them. They don’t deserve life.”

Was Ruger originally this extreme? Luisen clicked his tongue. ‘The death penalty…’

At that thoughtless word, the dungeon became a quagmire of chaos again. Screaming and pleading, the cries of the prisoners made Luisen’s ears throb.

“That’s enough. Enough…Please calm down. I won’t execute you.”

“My duke! You must show your dignity through harsh sentences!”

“Enough! I’m not killing anyone. I’m not in the position to recklessly do that. Helping me and the territory will be punishment enough.”

“What?” Both Ruger and the villagers were greatly surprised. The villagers in particular had pleaded to escape death but still expected extreme corporal punishment or exile. The crime of attacking the lord was that serious.

“Their punishment is to help my lord?”

“That’s right. I’ll be heading down to the village soon. Shouldn’t we distribute food to the villagers as soon as possible?”

“!!!!”

The villagers collectively widened their eyes as Luisen spoke.

“You mean….”

“We’ve decided to reinstate the distribution of rations; the retainers are currently ironing out the details. The full large-scale operation will take much time, so I’ll go down to the town first and distribute as much food as I can. To do this, I’ll need your hands. Those who still have energy left within them, come with me.”

Luisen predicted that the advisors’ conference wouldn’t end until after sundown. Nothing could be done in the dark, so rationing would have to be properly implemented the next day.

However, he couldn’t stand to sit around on his hands; he wanted to feed his people and soothe their anxieties, even if it was just one hour earlier. Luisen judged that, although he wouldn’t make a large difference, he could at least stabilize the situation and care for the people.

No manpower in the castle could be spared, so he could instead make use of the most energetic prisoners.

Ruger strongly opposed Luisen’s plans. “My duke! Those scoundrels attacked me. Hitting his servant directly challenges the duke’s authority–what a filthy bunch!”

""



“I said it’s fine. It seems, rather, like you’re challenging my authority now?”

“No, I don’t dare….”

Luisen’s stern demeanor silenced Ruger’s complaints. ‘In the past, he used to passively listen to everything I said, didn’t he?’ Ruger thought.

Since when did his master start drawing firm lines in the sand like this? Ruger couldn’t hide his embarrassment as he quieted down.

“Go get treated for your wounds.” Luisen turned his back on Ruger and ordered the guards to open the jail cell doors. “Now, everyone move. Ah, unless you have no more strength left. Have you eaten anything?”

“A while ago, some of the soldiers gave us some water and biscuits. They said they were following their boss’ orders.”

“Really?”

How surprising of Carlton. Luisen thought that perhaps the mercenary was more sensitive than he seemed.

There were quite a few able-bodied men among the prisoners, whether through the power of the biscuits or through hope. Luisen chose five or six of them and brought them to the warehouses.

A cart packed with a large cast-iron pot, firewood, hardened bread, and dried jerky had already been prepared. After running around fulfilling Carlton’s errands, Luisen was better able to navigate the geography of the castle and the hidden stashes of supplies in the warehouses.

In a way, he was able to prepare this much in such short notice thanks to Carlton…though the lord had no intention of voicing such thoughts.

The sun was gradually beginning to set by the time Luisen arrived back in the village. The usually bustling town was as quiet as death.

“Let’s get settled before the sun sets.” Luisen led his crew towards the largest square in town. All the shops surrounding the square were closed, but a curious crowd had still gathered.

News had already spread during the day that the lord had been embroiled in the riots. As Luisen drew closer, the people retreated quickly. The tension in the air could be cut with a butter knife.

“Will this be alright?” The knights who were following him had raised their blades in preparation for conflict. Though Luisen was scared inside, he resolutely raised his chin and attempted to show confidence.

“It’ll be fine. Let’s just start here.” Luisen divided the recently released villagers into two groups. One group was sent to gather the rest of the denizens and the other was left behind to help in his plan.

He had the people arrange the firewood and create supports for the pot–a large vessel usually used for feasts. The pot was enough to contain several dozen servings of soup.

Immediately, water was drawn from the well; the bread and the beef jerky were torn into many small pieces. While hard bread and jerky were normally hard to chew, the foodstuffs turned mushy with the moisture. Eventually, they all combined to create a thin, boiling soup.

Luisen had a small taste.

The soup was created without stock or broth ingredients. Bread, water, and jerky; that was all. Yet, the saltiness from the jerky and the butter from the meat leaked out to create a passable flavor. This much was fit to eat.

If the amount was insufficient, more water could be poured in. If the soup became too watery, more bread would be added. If it was too bland, beef jerky could substitute for seasoning. Too salty? They could once again add more water. As long as the fire burned, the soup could be boiled continuously–forever, even.

The food was rough and unappetizing; most wouldn’t have given it a second glance. However, for a person who had starved for a long time, it was a godsend. Proper bread and meat would not digest well in a malnourished stomach and would cause health issues. Luisen knew this fact well: during his wandering, he had developed a great stomach ache after eating bread given by a kind-hearted madame.

In his experience, it was better to consume watery soup to fill up the stomach and warm the body. Additionally, such soup could be quickly and easily made in large quantities with a small amount of ingredients.

“My lord, let us distribute the food.” The attending villagers tried to take the ladle from Luisen’s hands. They couldn’t allow the lord to serve them in good conscience.

However, Luisen declined. It was important to follow through with his convictions and to personally feed his citizens. “No, that’s alright. I’ll handle this. You all should just make sure to secure the surroundings.”

At Luisen’s decisive words, the villagers nodded. The knights stood on guard, their eyes flashing with spirit.

“This way! The lord is personally handing out soup!”

“There’s something to eat here! Bring a bowl or a cup! Come over!”

As ordered, the villagers scattered here and there while shouting. People gathered at the edges like rain clouds on the horizon as the smell of savory soup spread throughout the village square. However, no one was willing to approach any closer.

They were fearful of the untouchable lord standing with a ladle, situated between extraordinary knights. They couldn’t bear to turn their eyes and noses away from the food, but the memory of the earlier riots froze their feet.

‘This is going to take all night.’

Luisen looked around and pointed at the youngest-looking boy among the crowd. “You over there. Come here.”

“M-me?” The boy, who was wiping his drool with his grubby hands, startled.

“Come quickly,” Luisen gently urged. The boy approached him with a nervous heart. He couldn’t defy the lord’s request, but his pulse could not hide his fear.





TL: Ruger really is a product of his upbringing…..





Footnotes




The original novel said “running around with your mouth open” which translates to having a loose mouth. I chose to substitute it here, but I may consider leaving some of these sayings in later.





Chapter 28


Chapter 28



“Here.” Luisen scooped some soup into a wooden bowl and handed it to the boy. Though the boy looked up at him suspiciously, he accepted it cautiously. “Eat this and wait. The castle will distribute rations tomorrow, so tell the grown-ups, okay?”

“Really?” The boy’s eyes widened in shock.

“That’s right, things like flour and firewood…But do you all have the energy to make bread?”

It would have been better to bake and distribute the food over distributing food ingredients, but, regrettably, the castle had too little manpower.

Could the starving properly cook and prepare their dishes? Hunger often claimed reason. It would be a big problem if in their hunger-driven craze the people simply ate the raw ingredients; thus, Luisen went down to the village to boil soup for them.

“It’s a bit difficult right now, but I’ll even return what we requisitioned to the castle, eventually,” Luisen said.

“Really? When? My lord, do you have money? Actually, are you sure you’re our lord? I’ve never seen you before.”

“I’m really the lord of this land. Of course you’ve never seen me before. When would you get a chance to see someone like me?” Luisen answered each and every rambling question, voice gentle compared to his aloof face.

The boy began to speak more courageously, “But, are we ruined because we lost the war?”

“Ruined? Do you think the Anies duchy would be ruined over something like that? Once the gates open, it’ll all somehow work out.”

He wasn’t bluffing; he had spoken the truth. Now that the locusts had been exterminated, the plentiful valleys of wheat had been harvested and gathered in many warehouses across the territory. It’s just that those bushels couldn’t be transported inside the estate gates. The duchy’s economic situation was not dire.

Though the civil war had left holes in the administration and personnel affairs, Luisen predicted it would quickly stabilize after those ministers held captive were released in return for the duchy’s gold, jewels, and bonds.

Come to think of it, Carlton was the only major problem left. Why wouldn’t he just unlock the gates?

However, it was hard to bad-mouth the mercenary. After all, it was Luisen himself who instilled the fear of the first prince’s nobles within him.

“Anyway, don’t worry about it. I promise to you, with the duke’s honor, that it will be alright. And I’m so sorry to have made you all suffer.”

The boy’s ears turned red at the unexpected apology. He never could have imagined that such a sky-high, untouchable lord would apologize directly to an ordinary villager like him. And above all, at that moment, Luisen’s face was so pretty.

“Um, that’s….”

“Go and eat; you must be hungry.” Luisen patted the boy on the shoulder. The boy began to walk away in a daze, looked back at the lord, and began to hurriedly slurp the soup. Though it was watery and contained no spices, the taste was strangely good. Above all, it warmed up his icy body.

The villagers, after watching the boy’s interaction with Luisen, slowly approached. They carefully asked, “Is this really okay for us to eat?”

“Eat, eat.”

“Did you just say that rationing will resume soon?”

“That’s correct. We’re aiming to restore food distribution as quickly as possible. Everyone is discussing the details in the castle.” Luisen continued to answer every question while scooping soup. He answered calmly while keeping in mind the possible consequences of his words. He wouldn’t forget the promises and apologies he made to the young boy.

As a result, each response was quite slow, but the people could see his words were authentic and thoughtful. Luisen’s heartfelt feelings and promises were delivered with every bowl of warm soup.

""



Had another person distributed the soup, the promises wouldn’t have felt so genuine. The words were so effective because Luisen, the Duke of Anies, was standing there, holding a ladle.

Though Luisen had long been known as a scoundrel who neglected the territory, the people did not easily forget their regard for the Anies household as a whole. Watching Luisen’s actions, the villagers were reminded of their long-forgotten faith in their noble of the golden fields.

‘That’s right…if the duke is doing this much…’

‘He’s our lord…we must trust in him….’

‘Even though he’s been unreliable, we have no choice but to wait and believe…’

Those who at first stared at Luisen with distrust and resentment slowly began to soften their stance.

The people of the duchy were originally as generous and laid back as the territory’s mild climate. While the wartime fears ruined their easy-going attitude, the original personality did not disappear. When their lord personally came to the village to comfort the people, the rough villagers began to return to their gentle, sheep-like disposition.

Even though the sun had set and night had flooded the square, more and more people began to crowd around. The arm holding the ladle felt numb, and Luisen’s throat was sore. Still, Luisen did not budge from his spot.

“Draw more water and pour it into the pot. Tear more bread into the soup. And you guys, help those that have mobility impairments.” Luisen barked out orders as he continued to distribute the food. Knowing how miraculous one bowl of warm soup could be, he couldn’t afford to grow tired.



****



Soon one could see the bottom of the pot that had originally held what seemed to be an endless amount of soup. Torches had to be lit, as no lingering rays of sunlight were left in the sky. Moving at night wasn’t good for either Luisen or the villagers.

“We should return to the castle now. Staying longer than this would be dangerous.”

“But there are still people left…” Luisen looked at those gathered. Would it be better to continue or to return? As he was agonizing over the decision, he spotted Carlton standing alone among the crowd. No matter how many people flooded the area, it wasn’t hard to recognize him, as he stood a full head over the others.

Since when had he been standing there?

As soon as their eyes met, Carlton drew closer.

“Why didn’t you call to me after you arrived?” Luisen asked.

“It was hard to squeeze through. It’s late, so let’s call it a day.”

“…..Okay.” Luisen had no choice but to listen to Carlton’s words.

As he began to leave, the villagers chimed in.

“Let us handle the cleanup!”

“My lord, you can’t bear that weight. We’ll carry that.”

Luisen left the villagers to their own devices. During that time, Carlton simply stared at him. ‘What’s wrong with him?’ Luisen thought.

Luisen, feeling burdened by his insistent gaze, asked, “Why do you look at me like that?”

“Ah, no….” Carlton bit back what he had originally intended to blurt out. “How did you find the resolve to return to the village after what happened during the day?”

“Huh?”

“I don’t know what you believed in for you to act so recklessly.” Carlton stepped closer. Luisen felt nervous as the giant man’s body approached him. Carlton’s uniquely sharp gaze pierced through him. “Seeing you now, it’s not as if you’re fearless.”

“Are you mocking me?” Luisen asked.

“Nothing like that. I’m just fascinated.”

“With me?”

“I didn’t know you’d go to this extent,” Carlton explained.

“I couldn’t just sit around and do nothing…”

“I thought you’d be participating in the meetings in the castle, and instead you came here…out of nowhere. I was quite shocked.”

“…I had to check on my citizens…Besides, this time I came with the knights. I’ve been keeping safety in mind.”

“Yeah, well, if you didn’t bring the knights, I would have thought you’d actually gone mad.”

Luisen looked up at Carlton. Did the mercenary perhaps…follow him because he was worried? ‘No way…It’s Carlton….there’s no way he’s worried me.’ Luisen threw those suspicions far, far away.

“I was thinking that things were too orderly. Maybe it was because you were watching?” Luisen asked.

“I didn’t help any. I’ve just been watching.”

‘Did I say anything about helping? Why is he so serious about it anyway?’ Luisen inwardly vented his annoyed feelings.

Carlton continued, “Next time you decide to do something unexpected, let me know in advance.”

“Would something like this happen again?” Luisen said. However, Carlton didn’t seem to believe his slight denials. He looked at Luisen as if he were an alcoholic who had vowed to quit drinking.

“Let’s return together. If the duke gets hurt, I’ll be held responsible,” Carlton said.

Luisen wondered about his abrupt change in heart but felt it was strange to insist upon returning separately.



*****



The advisors’ meeting was almost over by the time Luisen returned to the castle. The people of the castle were bustling, waiting for the sun to rise and their duties to resume. Each minister scattered to deal with their respective departments. Since Luisen had no further business, he returned to his room at the urging of his advisors.

He washed up, changed his clothes, and laid in bed, thinking about the roller-coaster of a day he had. ‘From leaving for war, falling behind, getting involved in riots, Carlton and I…..we almost…if Carlton hadn’t stopped me….’

Luisen quickly jumped out of bed.

He couldn’t fall asleep because he kept thinking about useless things. His arms and legs were heavy; his whole body throbbed, but his mind was wide awake.

Sitting still in bed reminded him of the people he saw during the day.

""



‘Will the villagers make it through the night okay?’

They had something to eat today, but tomorrow? The day after? When would Carlton open the gates?

Thinking about this and that, anxiety began to weigh down upon Luisen’s shoulders.

‘I can’t do this.’ Luisen got out of bed and threw off his pajamas messily. ‘You have to move your body at times like this.’ He quickly put on his outdoor clothes and left the room.

The castle was quiet at night. Only the occasional torches held by the patrolling soldiers were visible. In the dead of night, it was too burdensome to call on either Ruger or the soldiers, so Luisen quietly headed to the barn alone.

The duchy was large, and people did not often travel to the less plodded areas, full of unknown grasses and trees. In particular, the area near the barn was incredibly dense because it was not managed by the groundskeeper.

Luisen dragged a shovel by his side and wandered among the weeds, searching for something. He couldn’t see well because of the lack of light.

‘I think it’s around here somewhere.’





TL: Sweet Kid~





Chapter29


Chapter 29



Luisen was searching for a poisonous plant known as the ‘buried old hag.’

The buried old hag was seemingly an ordinary weed except for its roots, which looked like demonic spirits much like the legendary mandragoras. The fist-sized roots were deeply wrinkled, like the face of a nasty old hag, and the people had named it as such. Normally this plant was not eaten because it caused severe diarrhea and stomach pain.

In the poorer neighborhoods, the people fed horses and pigs with this plant, but in the rich and prosperous south, even the poorest of livestock did not chew on it.

Though it was currently treated as poison, the root became an indispensable foodsource in the following years.

After the civil war, during the long famine, the people searched far and wide for anything edible. Some even peeled the bark off of trees.

Others began to take away the buried old hags from the pigs, grilling them with the desire to die with a full belly. However, after a taste, the buried old hag tasted much better than previously thought. The people felt full and didn’t die! They didn’t develop diarrhea or stomach aches either.

As the rumors spread far and wide, the people discovered after some research that the poison generated by the plant was caused by light. If they peeled and cooked the old hag right after digging it up from the ground, it was safe to eat!

The buried old hag grew well in various places and was able to be harvested in far larger quantities than wheat and other crops. It needed less manpower as well.

For a starving kingdom, the hag was a singular ray of positive news. Nationwide, the people were encouraged to grow and eat the old hags. The king himself demonstrated the proper cooking methods.

After such efforts, the buried old hag became an indispensable ingredient in the lives of the common folk.

What? They call it the buried old hag? The devil’s food? It should rather be respectfully called the ‘buried elder!’

""



Later, the people would begin to revere the plant and call it their precious elder.

Luisen also greatly appreciated this plant.

Especially when he would help with farming, an old woman would serve a heaping bowl of well-stewed ‘old hags.’ The scrumptious taste could drive one to weather any hard labor.

Luisen rummaged through the grass, recalling the rare fond sentiments of the past. Since he had often dug this plant up, he could easily identify it.

‘I got it!’ With a shovel, Luisen dug underneath the plant’s stem and lifted gently. Then, out of the soil emerged the hideous roots bearing a witch’s face.

Just the sight of it whetted Luisen’s appetite. How could something so dreadful in appearance look so tasty? Strangely enough, the uglier the root, the tastier it was. Thinking of the unique sweetness of the slightly dry and soft flesh, Luisen released a bubble of laughter.

These old hags could contribute greatly to the distribution of rations to the villagers in the future. There was nothing better to replace the lack of foodstuffs.

Originally, he was only going to dig up a few roots to show to the general, but Luisen soon changed his mind as he saw all the old hags in the ground. It was just the right time for a late-night snack. His stomach felt hollow; his mouth was bored.

‘I should just harvest a few more and grill them.’ Luisen glanced around. ‘Good, there’s no one around…although I doubt people would begrudge me for a late-night snack.’

Of course, no one would scold this behavior, but he truly wanted to save some face.

As Luisen’s head was filled with thoughts of snacks, Carlton, who was hidden among the dark shadows of the thicket, was bewildered and dumbfounded.

While Luisen crept out of his room, Carlton, too, tossed and turned, unable to sleep.

""



He couldn’t stop thinking about the lord distributing the soup and comforting his citizens. In his mind’s eye, Luisen had been alone except for a few knights, surrounded by the warming hearts of the villagers, completely ignorant of danger!

It was an idyllic and picturesque scene only found in fairytales. And, he couldn’t remove the mental image of that gentle duke; strangely, his insides felt as if they were beset by butterflies at the image.

After failing to sleep, Carlton eventually left his room as well. While walking in the night air, he continued to recall Luisen’s face.

A noble who embodied his aloof yet elegant expression. A fragile young man, whose face contained the anxiety of a kid abandoned. An ideal leader who knows how to care for the people, who unconventionally throws his body and soul away for their safety.

Carlton pondered which one would be the closest to Luisen’s essence. But, for the life of him, he couldn’t decide on any single description. The more he contemplated, the more complicated his thoughts became.

Luisen was very strange.

If he was as clever as he seemed, how could he indulge in the foolishness that brought war to his estate? If he was selfish, how could he sacrifice his own body to a mercenary? If he was a meticulous man, he wouldn’t be reckless enough to throw himself away either. But, if he loved his estate, how could one explain his ignorance?

Words, actions, his past behavior…None of it fit into the current context.

Today alone he embodied that selfish hypocritical aristocrat, that clumsy and vulnerable young man, and that devoted leader. His personality fluctuated, as if he became someone else from moment to moment.

Carlton wondered if he contained many personalities…and entertained other such vivid imaginations.

‘Why had he knelt there….so disturbingly?’ Carlton wouldn’t have agonized this much about the young lord if Luisen hadn’t kneeled at his vulgar joke, if Luisen hadn’t approached him with such trembling fingers.

His eyes and pale cheeks, flushed with nervousness, were pitifully beautiful. He hated to admit it, but the thought of Luisen, seated between his legs, made heat plunge from the top of his head to below his waist.

Then, during Carlton’s agonizing night walk, Luisen suddenly appeared out of the darkness in front of him, as if the lord had sprung from his own mind. Looking closely, it seemed as if Luisen was sneaking off to someplace with a shovel.

‘Again….what is he up to….?’ A combination of curiosity and anxiety had Carlton following the lord, quietly tracing his footsteps. Finally, Luisen stood in an open space near the barn and began digging.

‘What could you be searching for at this hour? Some hidden treasure?’

Considering Luisen’s confident boast that he would take care of both the food and manpower shortage, Carlton thought he might uncover at least one hidden secret. The mercenary stood and watched quietly.

But, contrary to his expectations, what Luisen dug up was nothing more than a root, about the size of a fist and shaped like a human head. The blurry moonlight only dimly lit the area, but Carlton recognized it with just a glance. It was the buried old hag, a famous poisonous weed.

Hehehe.

Luisen’s insidious giggle resonated throughout the field. His greedy expression reflected in the moonlight looked as if it was tinged with madness.

The lord’s odd behavior didn’t end there. Luisen collected dry grass, started a fire, and threw the washed poisonous plants into the flames. He squatted in front of the makeshift bonfire and cautiously rolled the old hag around with a long stick. The scene seemed like some kind of ritual.

‘What kind of outrageousness is this?’ Carlton couldn’t readily intervene in such an odd, bizarre scene. A lord who secretly digs up poisonous grass in the dead of night while laughing maniacally…It wouldn’t have been surprising if Luisen turned out to be a devil worshipper.

If, after a while, suspicious black smoke rose from the flames, Carlton would have immediately fled to a temple to file charges. Fortunately, however, nothing mystical emerged. Luisen took a root out of the fire and took a bite without even peeling its skin.

‘Why is he eating that?!’ Unable to stand by calmly any longer, Carlton leaped in front of the lord. “What have you eaten now?!”

Carlton grabbed Luisen by the chin and forced him to spit out the buried old hag.

“Tha–mmph. Mmph!!” Luisen’s resistance was as weak and meaningless as a dragonfly’s wings against human hands. After confirming the lord had spat everything out, Carlton released Luisen’s jaw. Luisen simply stared at him.

“What kind of tomfoolery is this?” Normally people wouldn’t touch dogs when they eat. Why on earth would Carlton pop out of nowhere to interfere with his meal? ‘Does he truly want to bully me like this?’

“My duke, it seems that I have saved your life once again,” Carlton said.

“Save me? Because of you, perfectly edible food has been wasted!”

The carefully grilled old hag had been crushed into the ground and was no longer fit to eat. Luisen’s brows wrinkled. ‘What a waste. I don’t suppose I can just pick it up and eat it, right?’

“Food?” Carlton was dumbfounded. The lord had planned to eat this poisonous plant for a late night snack?

In Carlton’s hometown, the buried old hag was often used to supplement horse feed. Every year, there would be a bizarre sight: the old hag heads piled high like a mountain in the stable. Not many approached the grim scene, but every year, several children always collapsed after a curious taste.

A nobleman of Luisen’s stature would be in no danger of death–especially with the care of his personal doctors–but he would have suffered greatly.

“My lord, do you even recognize what you just tried to eat?”





TL: Ngl, I’m also protective over my food. I’m gonna be upset if someone wastes my food.





Chapter 30


Chapter 30



“Of course I know. This is the ‘buried old hag,’ isn’t it?” Luisen said.

“You know? And still you want to eat it….? Is this some form of self-harm?”

“Self-harm? Why would I do that?” Luisen realized that Carlton was operating under some sort of misunderstanding. “You must have misunderstood something. A freshly harvested old hag is not poisonous at all. I came here to dig these up with the intention to bring them to the general’s attention tomorrow, to consider if they can be used as a replacement for wheat.”

“Then why were you trying to eat one?” Carlton asked.

“I’ve worked so hard to harvest them; I should at least have a taste!”

At the sight of Luisen talking about the old hag as if it were some ordinary food, like bread or fruit, Carlton was dumbfounded.

“The poison begins to develop in the plant as soon as it is exposed to sunlight. So, the sooner you grill the old hag, the better,” Luisen added.

“How does the duke know that? Are you sure?”

“I’m sure. I’ve tried them in the past.”

In the future, research would support Luisen’s claims. However, for the time being, Luisen had nothing but his own words and experiences to rely on.

Carlton was not easily convinced. “When? Why would the duke eat something like this? Don’t say that the south has differing tastes. I know that the people’s sentiment towards this plant is the same here.”

“Huh? Ah…..It was a long time ago.” Luisen had no choice but to be evasive. “Once upon a time, when I was young, I ate a lot of old hags in secret.”

How would Carlton know to doubt Luisen’s childhood experiences, anyway? It was the perfect excuse.

Luisen continued to insist, “I ate alone, so many others don’t know what I know. I no longer harvested them after I became an adult, but I suddenly remembered some bygone memories. The buried old hag is safe, I’m sure.”

“…..You’ve eaten a lot of these?”

“That’s right. To the point where If I didn’t eat the root, it meant that none were available.” Luisen nodded as he remembered the past. When he could find no buried old hags, he almost starved to death. It was a cold and rough winter in the northwestern part of the kingdom; too cold to dig for roots. If the one-armed pilgrim had not found him, Luisen would have died.

“There were times when I wished I could eat this so that my stomach would feel full.” With the one-armed pilgrim, he did not starve, but he also could not afford to eat his fill either. Cold and hunger…such were the fate of wanderers.

Luisen’s eyes briefly dimmed as his mind lost itself in memories.

Carlton’s eyes shook slightly. ‘He…ate a lot…of these? But why?’

For Carlton, the buried old hag was used mostly as fodder for cows and pigs. In the south, better feed was given to the pigs than that–only the pitiful would lay their tongues on a hag.

How could Luisen, a king of these golden wheat fields, eat the grass that even the lowest of commoners would not eat?

“It may seem a little disgusting on the surface, but beneath the insides are sweet and delicious when cooked well. Soft, digestible, and nutritious. If you boil soup with this…..” Luisen diligently explained how the buried old hag could be turned into a proper dish.

This fervor made Carlton even more confused. ‘Listening to what he’s saying, it really does seem like he’s eaten a lot of them….’ No performance could replicate that sincerity. ‘But why? Everything in these rich lands is yours, isn’t it?’

Why?

How?

Did no one in the duchy feed the duke….?

A hypothesis, like a lightning bolt, struck Carlton’s head.

What if Luisen grew up neglected or abused by the retainers?

In one’s lands, a lord is an absolute existence. The retainers swore allegiance, as they might to a king, and obeyed every order. The hierarchy between the lord and his vassals was guaranteed by law, absolute immutability. However, things in the world did not always go as they should.

Sometimes there would be fierce power struggles over the management of the estate–a political battle between the lord and his advisors. In particular, the younger and more malleable the lord may be, the stronger the vassals were.

And if the lord was young and had no close relative to look after him?

He would have valued bloodline but nothing else to his name, no more than a scarecrow. In fortunate cases, neglect was the extent of the crime; in serious cases, the vassals would unite and abuse the young lord. This story may not be common, but they were an occasional occurrence.

‘They said the duke became a lord at the age of six. He was raised by his advisors.’ No matter how brilliant and important the duke of Anies may have been, he would have just been a six year old child. It would have been easy for seasoned advisors to take control of the castle and ostracize Luisen.

Young Luisen left to his own devices in a gigantic castle. He must have been hungry and struggled to search for food. Then, when he saw a pig eating, he must have thought the buried old hag was edible.

Perhaps that’s why the duke of Anies knew the poisonous plant so intimately.

‘Yeah. That’s plausible…..No, there’s no other possible explanation.’

If Luisen had received proper care, he would have been eating all sorts of delicacies instead of scrounging for pig feed. Unless Luisen truly had bizarre taste buds and preferred to harvest his own meals from the dirt.

No, even if Luisen had this habit, loyal advisors would not have allowed him to eat a known poisonous plant. So, an abused–or at least neglected–childhood could be the only rational reason.

‘Unbelievable.’ A wave of dizziness washed over Carlton. The lord who at first seemed to have received the best of care, growing up wearing only the finest clothes….he hid such a poor childhood under that elegant noble face. Carlton could have never imagined such a twist.

‘No, wait. This is no time for wild guesses.’ Carlton tried to maintain a rational and calm attitude.

Ignorant of Carlton’s inner turmoil, Luisen looked anxiously at the buried old hags in the bonfire. ‘What a waste! They’re all going to burn!’

Luisen carefully spoke, “Excuse me, if the misunderstanding has been cleared, I’m going to take these out. If we leave them, they’ll all become burnt.”

“Ha….Do whatever you want.”

“Yes!” Luisen quickly pulled the old hags out of the bonfire. They were a bit charred but not inedible–in Luisen’s eyes, at least.

Luisen looked up at Carlton; he held out a buried old hag to the mercenary. “Would you like to eat one?”

“No. Definitely not,” Carlton said with an intense and serious expression.

“Ah, okay….” Luisen pulled back his outstretched hand awkwardly. He then peeled the root, blowing on his fingers periodically. Soon, the white flesh was revealed; the delicious scent unique to the old hag stimulated his appetite.

""



‘Let’s just eat comfortably…I’ve already ruined my reputation anyway.’ He had already kneeled and crawled between someone’s legs…what could be worse?

Luisen sat on the floor and began to eat. Carlton just stood there and looked at him as he consumed the plant so happily.

In Carlton’s eyes, the old hag was about as pleasant as a burnt witch; seeing Luisen so happy with it made his head throb. ‘Ha….He’s really…..eating that thing?’

Luisen flinched and lowered his eyes when Carlton’s gaze became too intense.

‘Seeing him like this…’ Carlton thought over their previous interactions. Perhaps Luisen avoided his gaze out of fear rather than condescension for the low born.

‘How was this guy raised for him to end up with such low self-esteem?’

Was his psychological state so damaged that he would believe nonsensical jokes? Be driven to crawl on his knees for another man? Luisen’s behavior was certainly not normal.

Carlton was not so soft as to feel pity over the duke’s difficult childhood; he was objectively a bastard.

However, Carlton’s conscience was, very slightly, pricked. Perhaps Luisen’s actions, which he had dismissed as strange and suspicious, were the actions of a person struggling to overcome abuse.

He felt like he’d kicked over a child trying to drag along baggage larger than his own body.

Bastards will screw over someone who’s on par with them or better, but trash will pick on the weak. Right now, Carlton felt like trash. Some may think there’s no difference between the two, but to Carlton, there was a huge difference.

“Hmmm…This one’s too burnt…There’s not much to eat here.” Luisen smacked his lips with regret. He picked up the burnt roots one by one, face somber and reverent like a king mourning a cherished servant. He looked at the root he had dropped earlier due to Carlton’s interference. ‘That one’s cooked just right…and it’s just rolling around in the grass now.’

Carlton’s keen eyes didn’t miss Luisen’s line of sight. ‘There’s a vast field of poisonous roots. Why fixate on that one?’

Carlton couldn’t empathize with Luisen, but on the other hand, he wondered what events led to this moment. He must have endured a time where he was denied even poisonous plants. Carlton felt annoyed for an unknown reason.

“I can harvest some more. Will one more suffice?” Carlton picked up the shovel that Luisen had thrown.

Puzzled, the young duke replied, “Um….Ah, I’d like to dig up three more.”

“Alright.” Carlton scanned the open grounds and deftly dug up the roots. Even in shoveling, his form was excellent. The freshly harvested roots were quickly shoved into a sack.





TN: Thanks for reading~ Let the misunderstandings begin!





Chapter 31


Chapter 31



“Passers-by may see you, so return to your room to eat,” Carlton said.

“Oh, okay.”

“I’ll escort you to your room. Let’s go.”

“…..Why would you do that?”

“Do you have complaints about my assistance?”

‘It’s not that I’m complaining…I’m just nervous.’ Luisen hesitated.

Carlton heaved a deep sigh. “Let’s go.” The mercenary was far from a patient man, and he took the lead at his own discretion.

‘What’s he doing, honestly?’ Luisen felt uncomfortable with Carlton’s mysterious behavior and gaze. Still, the lord followed in the mercenary’s footsteps while observing his face. The moon cast a soft light over his manly but agitated features. ‘What’s wrong with him? Is he crazy?’

Luisen couldn’t understand Carlton’s ever-changing mindset, nor could he understand why Carlton was bothering to help him. Luisen was a tactful man–a quick-witted man as well.

He had known that Carlton was operating under some huge misunderstanding. He’d been angry enough to throw down the buried old hag at one moment, and then suddenly helped him harvest three more in another moment. However, he had no idea what that misunderstanding could be.



****

""





The next day, the duchy was spurred into motion as soon as the sun rose. All the servants were mobilized; warehouse doors were opened, and carts were loaded with a bounty of supplies for the village.

Most of the servants were not allowed to leave the castle’s domain. Despite the increased workload, no one complained due to the dire situation. Many had family, friends, or even lovers that lived in the lower village, so they worked as if it were their own crisis.

Luisen had stayed awake all night. After hearing the bustle, he had finally realized morning had come. Yesterday, he had harvested some buried old hags and brought them to the general for consultation; afterwards, he double-checked the ledgers. ‘I never thought in my life I’d spend the whole night reading books.’

Luisen stood up, pressing his fingers down over his stiff eyes. He had an appointment with his advisors over breakfast. Under Ruger’s steady assistance, he prepared himself and left the room

The duchy housed a large banquet hall. Unlike the restaurant-like dining hall used for dinners, the banquet hall was a cozy and comfortable space made for more casual gatherings

When Luisen arrived, all the seated advisors stood. Every single face was haggard and fatigued. “You’ve arrived, my lord.”

“Did you lose sleep last night? You have bags under your eyes.”

“Ah…Just a bit,” Luisen replied.

“Oh no…Please take breaks as we continue.

As Luisen took his seat, the meal began with no further fanfare as the attendants brought in the food.

As the south was an area rich with food, the duke’s table would usually sample from various different cuisines, plates filling every inch of space. But this time, the table only had just enough to eat.

It was a table comparable to a farmer’s, but Luisen, who had fallen in love with any and all food due to his previous nomadic life, enjoyed his meal. In the past, he would have complained heavily; the advisors all admired his new maturity.



Over the meal, the retainers informed Luisen of what they had decided on during yesterday’s meeting. The structure of the report was formal, and Luisen did not understand every word, but still, they felt respect for the lord who attempted to digest all of the information.

As the conversation moved onto the heavier side of the operation, the treasurer lightly changed the subject. “By the way, did my lord go down to the village last night and directly hand out soup? That was quite effective.”

The knight commander added, “I also heard from the knights that returned from the village. In contrast to what other knights may have observed during the day, the village had a calmer atmosphere than they expected.

“The story of the lord handing out soup himself had endeared the people to the castle. So, at sunrise, many people gathered at the gate to help with the distribution. Thanks to your help, everything has been made much easier.” The regard the advisors held for Luisen had changed greatly from just a few days ago. They were impressed with his boldness, braving the village after being caught in the riot.

They thought the more difficult a situation the duchy had been plunged in, the more he showed how worthy he was of his title: guardian of the golden fields.

“Truly amazing. You saw such viciousness yesterday…If it had been me, I may have been too scared to step outside the castle.”

Luisen’s ears flushed red at all the praise pouring in for him.

He was so embarrassed, he could die. The atmosphere felt similar to when he was seven years old–a time when even just walking was considered brave and praises followed his every small act. “I’m glad it helped.”

Despite his misgivings, Luisen continued to receive praise for his maturity.

“However, it’s too early to relax. If we run out of food right now, we’ll have another riot on our hands,” the captain of the security responded–a salient point.

“About that. I’d like to show you all something.” Luisen gestured, and a servant brought in a large plate piled with buried old hags. These were the roots that Carlton had harvested yesterday.

As the roots were peeled, it looked completely different from its original horrid appearance. The yellow flesh inside was appetizing and smelled savory.

“What kind of crop is this? I’ve never seen it before. It smells terrific,” the gluttonous and food-savvy treasurer asked. His hands twitched to reach towards the roots, tempted by the smell.

First impressions had gone over well. ‘I’m glad I peeled the skin. People definitely can’t ignore visuals,’ Luisen thought. “This is the buried old hag–the very same one we all should know.”

“This?” asked the treasurer, eyes wide open. His grasping hands stilled and shrank back.

“Should it not look more like….a human head?”

“It’s been grilled in the fire and peeled. Like this, the old hag looks like a completely different plant, right?”

“Yes. But…Why would you….”

“You’re not going to feed that to the people instead of wheat, right? It’s not such a potent poison that it would kill most straight away, but it would be a terrible catastrophe to feed it to them now under their current circumstances.”

“No, listen to me.” Luisen gestured to Ruger to hand him a book. The book itself was large, about a hand’s width thick. The title on the cover said, ‘The Chronicles of the Duke of Anies,’ a record of all the large and small events in his family.

“Isn’t that an old record?” someone asked.

“Yes, this was written by my grandfather’s father. If you look here, there’s a story in which he ate a buried old hag when the cold front hit.”

“He ate that?”

“That’s right. That winter must have been particularly harsh. If you look here, the text refers back to the 56th crop diagram.” Luisen beckoned everyone’s attention to the specific page. This time, Ruger handed over the encyclopedia that Luisen’s great grandfather wrote. This encyclopedia of crops was a historical relic containing information about edible crops–a culmination of his ancestor’s studies.

“It says here that the buried old hag develops its poison when exposed to sunlight.”

It was the general who had dug up Luisen’s ancestor’s records late last night. After Luisen had shown him the harvested roots, the general had remembered reading about similar experiences in the records.

When Luisen heard that, he immediately checked the book. As he wasn’t a fast reader, he had stayed up all night and barely found what he needed.

“Then, why haven’t we been eating these things?”

“Why should we? We’ve never run out of food before, nor have we been desperate enough to eat these buried old hags. Since they look so gross…”

Centered in an overflowing food basket, there was no reason to delve into the ground to harvest something that looked like a rotting head.

“That’s true…..”

“If it’s the record of one of your predecessors, it must be credible…”

“For your information, the general, Ruger, and I ate these roots last night–a great little late night snack. We haven’t even had symptoms of a stomach ache.”

“My lord ate this kind of thing himself?”

“I even dug it up as well!”

“That’s….!” The advisors were greatly surprised. Luisen had to hold onto the knight commander who attempted to rush out to call for the family doctor.

“As the book said, nothing bad happened. How about you, General?” Luisen said.

“I’m fine as well. It tasted all right, too.”

“Hmmm….”

“And Ruger?”

“I’m also well……” Ruger frowned in spite of his words. He still had no desire to eat something like the buried old hag.

“Well…If you’re truly feeling fine…” The others in the banquet hall muttered.

“Well, it is handwritten by one of the duchy’s forebears….so it must be reliable…” With Luisen’s personal experiments added to the word of his ancestor, the retainers’ opinion became more accepting to the root. Viscerally, they may feel disgust in their hearts, but their brains were convinced.

‘Thank you, Great Grandfather!” Luisen sent his sincere gratitude to his ancestor. Even in death, his family was helping this scum descendant.

Luisen placed the buried old hags on a plate and chopped them into bite-sized pieces with a knife. After a sprinkle of salt and pepper, Luisen, and even the general, popped the sample into their mouths.

The treasurer, who watched the two nervously, couldn’t stand it anymore and reached out to take a bite of the old hags as well. His strong appetite overpowered his apprehension.

“….What do you think?”

“It’s different from how it looks….It’s delicious.” The treasurer somehow felt lost. After his testimony, the others also carefully lifted a few roots onto their plates.

“Since the buried old hags are everywhere in the castle grounds, it’ll be easy to supply and distribute.”

“Once it’s recognized as foodstuffs, the villagers can also find and harvest it on their own. As an alternative, this root is ingenious, but….”

“But do you think the people will obediently eat this?”

That was a good point. However, Luisen had an idea in mind.





TN: I usually update earlier in the day but I was in a plane today! I’m on vacation this week 😀 (But don’t worry, I have some chapters stockpiled so it shouldn’t affect updates…although the stockpile will look sad when I come back T_T) In other news, I really wanted to eat roots while I was TLing on the plane….





Chapter 32


Chapter 32



“Starting today, I will go down to that same square again and distribute these buried old hags, properly showcasing them to the people.” This was an effective method implemented by the king in the past timeline. Luisen planned to co-opt that proven procedure.

“In addition to the records, if the duke himself goes out….”

“My lord, you will have to go to the village many times. Will that be okay? Our lord’s safety is paramount.”

“I visited yesterday, and it seemed fine,” Luisen said.

“This is a plan worth trying, my lord. I think the citizens will understand. Moreover, the situation calls for extreme measures.”

“Of course. Of course.” When the old hags were recognized as edible foodstuffs, the advisors quickly plotted measures to spread the information.

‘As expected, the duchy’s vassals are competent.’ Luisen liked it when he only had to open the irrigation waterway and the water would flow on its own. Emboldened by success, he smiled at the general.

‘With polish, Luisen is also one of the great dukes of this land. He won’t lose to his predecessors,’ the general thought. Though Luisen modestly pushed all of his achievements to the ancestors’ wisdom, the general did not fail to notice the young lord’s own efforts. If Luisen had been the same brat as before, no matter how trustworthy the ancestral records were, the advisors would not have deigned to listen to him.

Since Luisen had tried to stand firm against Carlton, predicted the locusts, and taken responsibility for his land’s citizens, the advisors now had positive evaluations of the lord’s plans. Faith was slowly piling upon him.

‘Since when did I become so proud?’ The general was surprised by the innovative crop but even more so by the fact that Luisen had worked all night and day. The general smiled sincerely and raised a small thumbs up underneath the table.

At the end of the meal, Luisen ordered some servants to harvest more buried old hags. While his order was being executed, he had some free time, so Luisen took Ruger to the greens in front of the castle.

Servants were busily coming and going; there wasn’t much they could do to help. However, Luisen found a sack of flour that had yet to be loaded into the cart.

“Let’s carry this together.”

At Luisen’s suggestion, Ruger’s face cycled through many different colors.”Ah, my duke. Let’s just go to your room. Why should we move this? Leave it to the servants.”

“So noisy. We should at least do something. Hurry and grab the other side.”

“But, why are we even bothering…?” Ruger grumbled but lifted the other corners of the flour sack. Luisen also rolled his sleeves up and lifted his corners as well.

At that moment, the butler rushed in from somewhere. “Oh my! My lord! Let your servants deal with this kind of manual labor.”

“I can at least do this much,” Luisen refused.

“Absolutely not! You’ll get hurt like that! Ruger, you lout! How could you let the lord partake in menial work like this…You’re his chief attendant!” the butler roared at Ruger. His voice was a far cry from the gentle, spring-breeze-like voice he used with Luisen.

Ruger looked chagrined–wrongfully accused. “I’m carrying this because the duke ordered me to.”

“Even still! You should have convinced him! Please, rest here my duke. Let me take this lout back for proper training.” The butler had already disapproved of Ruger, as he had been hired from outside the duchy. He dragged the attendant away as if he needed nothing more than an excuse.

Luisen, left alone, tried to drag the bag of flour all by himself. However, soon the servants rushed over and took it away, forcing him to go someplace else.

Luisen wandered around the castle. He had tried to sneakily insert himself into some work, but they all sent Luisen back to rest and did not allow him to handle anything exhausting. After attempting to hold an axe to chop firewood, amidst the panicked dissuasions from his servants, Luisen had given up. He trudged into a peaceful corner of the castle and leaned back against the wall.

‘Ah. This feeling. It’s been a long time.’

Everyone had been treating him like a droplet of dew–afraid that he may pop as soon as something jostled him.

Almost as if they’d readily breathe for him to spare his lungs the work.

It was an all too familiar overprotectiveness.

Luisen became nostalgic: this was how he was treated originally. He had taken for granted how he had been raised so preciously. Back then, he couldn’t understand the nervous hearts of the advisors that watched over the only heir to the duchy.

But…He wouldn’t get hurt just from carrying a small sack of flour! Plus, he’d gotten so good at chopping firewood!

If Luisen was truly weak and frail, he could not have enjoyed his scum life in the capital. Spending, drinking, and partying every day was not possible for those without healthy bodies.

During his nomadic era, he farmed, shadowed woodcutters while felling trees, and tried all sorts of manual hardships. After sleeping on the streets in the cold, he realized, ‘I’m just clumsy! I’m not weak at all!’

Being weak and being unable to take advantage of one’s body are two different problems. Because everyone had treated him so fragilely, Luisen really thought he was frail!

‘I appreciate their care….but it’s weird to treat me as if I’m going to break at this age…isn’t it?’ Luisen wasn’t a six-year-old child anymore. How long into his adult age would he continue to be pampered like this?

If others saw his predicament, Luisen would be filled with shame.

By the time Luisen wrapped his head around his indignancy and cooled down, he noticed a strong gaze piercing the back of his head. Turning around casually, he noticed Carlton standing by the window.

He looked disapprovingly at Luisen with his arms crossed.

“S-Sir Carlton! How long have you been standing there?”

“Since you lost your axe to your servants.”

‘Then you’ve seen that embarrassing interaction?’ Luisen’s face flushed red. To a perfectly self-made man like Carlton, he worried he would look like a child.

“Isn’t that too rude?” Carlton asked. “The duke’s trying to help his people, and they won’t let him chop firewood–drove him out, in fact.”

“That’s because…I’m the duchy’s sole heir….”

‘Of course he doesn’t understand! I just look like a fool! It’s not my fault the others are so overprotective, but why am I feeling so shameful?’ Luisen mumbled as he tried to justify the actions to himself.

The young lord couldn’t have imagined what sort of misunderstanding those words caused within Carlton or that Carlton would interpret his words in his own special way.

‘The duchy’s sole heir…Since no one was around to protect him, he’s been treated like a fool and an invalid.’ Carlton had been watching Luisen for longer than he had stated. He saw Luisen wandering around the castle, being rejected here and there.

Luisen was neither a child nor a sick man. He was a grown, able-bodied man. An adult has the agency to do whatever he or she wants according to his or her own will–whether that is to be a fool or a productive human being. What’s the use of driving out a man who was already helping to chop firewood so well? Carlton could only see that the others seemed to ignore Luisen’s agency. If anyone did that to the mercenary, they would suffer at his fists.

As he watched, he noticed how the duchy treated Luisen as a fool who couldn’t do anything. And it was clear Luisen was used to such treatment. Last night’s doubts grew larger and larger.

When Luisen grew up, power was naturally brought back to him by birthright. There was only one option for those who did not want to be deprived of that power: prevent Luisen from being a proper lord even as an adult. They may have deliberately left him uneducated and alienated him from the duchy’s responsibilities. Perhaps, as Luisen grew older, he may have been forcefully driven to the capital.

Luisen would then go to the capital and meet his maternal relatives: the queen and the second prince. They probably had been friendly in order to make use of Luisen, and Luisen, who had grown neglected and lonely, would not have rejected their affections.

Considering that context, Carlton understood why Luisen poured everything he had into the second prince and supported him. He may not have cared about sending his land to war when they were the only people he could rely on.

Then, when he returned to his estate, Luisen may have tried to reign in his vassals and recollect his authority. However, the retainers would not have acquiesced to such demands. They would have objected to Luisen’s opinions to suppress him, hindering his every move.

‘…Perhaps, that’s why he risked his life to come alone and surrender at the enemy camp.’

Because Luisen tried to enforce his will and get out from under their thumb, the retainers had gone on strike. When Luisen did better than expected, especially in the face of a major crisis, they were forced to end their strike early.

‘Yeah. If you look at it this way, it all starts to make sense.’

Luisen’s extreme actions, his disregard for his dignity, the way he tried to solve everything without the advisors’ help…These contradictions inherent in his character and actions.

When Carlton seriously considered the hypothesis that he grew up neglected and abused, all the questions were solved. It was as if he pulled at a string to the puzzle, and everything unraveled.

Carlton looked down at Luisen–his eyes were red, as if he were about to cry.

‘Haah…No wonder. I knew everything felt off.’

Carlton was completely sure. There was a painful past behind what seemed to be a perfect and aristocratic nobleman.

The mercenary felt something stab at his heart. He didn’t know the other’s circumstances and treated him like any other trash noble, those who were adored by their parents and breathed pride as if they thrived on it instead of air.

“Has everything worked out the way you desired?” Carlton asked with interest. His tone was friendlier than it had ever been.





TL: The what pad fic continues……lmao

I’m on vacation so my stockpile is running slightly low~ (Also because I haven’t had the chance to rip the raws). I might be a day or so late on the next update but I’ll be there with a bonus chap! (Thanks for the kofi >.<)





Chapter 33


Chapter 33



“Ah, yeah. It went well, thanks to my ancestors.” Luisen modestly told Carlton how he was greatly helped by his great grandfather. Somehow, the words fell glibly off his tongue. “As you’ve said, I owe it all to my forebears.”

“That’s…” Carlton stuttered uncharacteristically.

Luisen took no notice of this oddity and continued, “Anyway, I’m thinking of going back to the town square. I need to show people how best to eat the buried old hag.”

“Will you be alright?”

“I’ll be fine. If there’s one thing I’m good at, it’s eating.”

“Won’t it be dangerous? Will the knights be following you?”

“Well, since the cart needs to be escorted…maybe one?”

“…….”

Carlton’s words were not getting through Luisen’s imagination. If Carlton had been a bit more tender-hearted, he may have shed some tears at the pitiful lord who seemed to do everything by himself. Instead, Carlton frowned disapprovingly. “Then I’ll go with you to the village.”

“…..Why would you do that?” Luisen asked reflexively.

“I’m just going to watch. Don’t expect any help.”

""



‘…So, he’s not following to help?’

If Carlton escorted him, then the assigned knight could do other work that needed to be done.

Luisen stared at the mercenary. His prideful eyebrows and high nose beneath his wrinkled brow was quite striking–creating a handsome appearance. Luisen didn’t often have the time to appreciate his handsome features because Carlton always looked as if he was going to brutally murder someone.

‘Huh?’ Come to think of it, Luisen realized Carlton’s stare had looked less bloodthirsty lately. Somehow his ferocious spirit seemed to have softened, and the man didn’t look quite so frightening. Perhaps that was why he could look so comfortably at his face; previously, Luisen would have lowered his eyes. ‘No wonder the conversation is flowing so easily.’

It was the first time he didn’t feel so threatened by the mercenary. Luisen was shocked at this ease.

Carlton spoke bluntly, “Is there a reason why I shouldn’t follow?”

“You’re a bit….” What could Luisen say?

‘Why are you asking me this all of a sudden? You’ve become so kind, but why am I feeling so tense?’ the lord thought.

“If you don’t like it, then go alone.”

“No, I’d appreciate it if you escorted me.” Luisen swallowed the doubt in his heart. He wasn’t stupid enough to spoil a good opportunity with meaningless interrogation. Besides, he had a strong hunch that he shouldn’t voice these questions.



***



Soon afterwards, Luisen climbed into a cart containing the buried old hags. Next to him, Carlton rode on horseback.

The two arrived in the town square, and the young lord quickly began to inform the villagers of the new crop. After catching their eyes, he began boiling one of the roots to make soup at that spot.

Public response wasn’t very accepting. Some people grew angry at being made to eat pig feed. The atmosphere soon grew riotous, but Carlton played his part well.

Carlton stood beside Luisen, looking over the crowd with his arms folded over his chest. Just that imposing figure deterred anyone from moving forward. Even without a weapon, his strong body and large forearms were plenty threatening; to the villagers, his muscles may have very well been iron armor. Moreover, the man was known for his brutal nature; his presence, like an angry bull, was overwhelming enough to bow the villagers’ heads.

Thanks to this, Luisen could confidently grill the buried old hags in safety. The root–a remnant of an era of struggle–was always delicious.

The villagers could no longer protest when Luisen proudly began to eat the old hag in front of the people, providing evidence that this was no mere prank. In addition, Luisen went so far as to declare publicly that he would only eat food made of these buried old hags for some time.

As Luisen struggled, back at the castle carts continued to be loaded with supplies.

Since distribution was urgently implemented in a situation where both manpower and resources were lacking, progress was slow. However, thanks to Luisen’s efforts in the town square, the people were soothed and encouraged. The villagers patiently waited for their food, confident that their nobles would help them.

Like that, three days of rationing passed.

In the morning, Luisen woke up and headed for town. When he arrived at the town square, the villagers had already gathered. No matter how close the lower village was to the duke’s castle, the villagers would not easily have another chance to have the young lord right before their very eyes. They had all gathered when they heard that Luisen intended to eat every meal at the square. Since Luisen preferred there to be a larger crowd to drum up interest in the new crop, the lord calmly accepted the attention.

Tables were exclusively set up for Luisen’s demonstration in the town square–a provincial stage. When the lord sat at the table, after a moment servants would bring the buried old hags, roasted in fire.

With a fork and knife, Luisen skillfully peeled off the thick skin and ate the soft flesh of the root.

“Oh!? He’s actually eating it?”

“Didn’t I tell you? He’s been eating nothing but that for three days and he’s fine. Can’t we have some too? There’s a bunch in the vacant lot over there.”

The villagers murmured as they watched Luisen eating contentedly. A young man from the crowd stepped forward as if possessed, asking, “Excuse me my lord. Could I try….?”

Luisen could see at one glance that this young man was starving. His usually robust limbs held no power, and he was unable to tear his gaze away from the steaming old hags.

“Of course.” Luisen forked one of the grilled roots and held it out to the young man. The young man hesitated, recalling the innate repulsion he had for the ugly root, but ultimately he was too hungry to refuse. The man had used the flour and the other commodities to feed his younger siblings, but not enough was left over to fill his big belly.

“It doesn’t look quite so bad when it’s peeled, right?” Luisen kindly asked.

“That’s true….”

The buried old hags smelled savory and delicious–the smell could even entice a person to chew on stones.

The young man closed his eyes and popped the old hag into his mouth; a sweeter taste than he could have ever imagined captivated his tongue. The guardedness in his mind lowered at the fluffy texture that contrasted with its hideous exterior. In an instant, the young man ate up all that Luisen had offered and smacked his lips.

“Sit here and eat before you go. There’s enough, so eat your fill…and take some to go.”

“Thank you, my lord.”

The young man sat down at the table. Motivated by his bravery, a couple more villagers showed interest in the old hag. Luisen also granted them permission to squeeze a seat around the table.

The son of a farmer who was chained down in the village after the army disbanded, the heiress to the linen store, an old man caught by surprise while visiting the castle….and the Duke of Anies.

It would normally be impossible for all of them to sit at one table and eat together–the image left a strong impression in people’s minds.

Carlton was involuntarily struck with admiration. When he saw the lord digging around in the ground in the middle of the knight, he thought Luisen was insane. But he managed to overcome the prejudice they had for this hideous root….

‘He’s had such a harsh childhood, he deserves to indulge in some gluttony…’

Luisen peeled the old hag flamboyantly with his fork and knife and distributed the cut pieces onto the others’ plates. A persistent yet subtle smile spread across his face.

The same was true of Carlton. When the prejudice of a trash-like aristocrat was removed, he could better assess Luisen’s various faces. If he looked closely at the seemingly indifferent expression, he could distinguish when Luisen had no other thoughts and when he was planning something with determined will. When he was hungry, the lord looked fierce; on the contrary, his sated face became bright and languished, like a drowsy cat. Though he looked the happiest when full, that same expression appeared as he fed the hungry villagers and watched them eat their fill.

‘The duke may have been a good lord if not for his retainers’ machinations.’ No matter what, there would be power struggles everywhere. Carlton looked at Luisen with a mixture of pity and sorrow in his heart.

Two servants eyed their interaction meaningfully. One of them mentioned to the maid, who was flipping the buried old hags in the fire, “Look, Sir Carlton can’t tear his eyes away from our lord.”

The maid took a sly glance at the two and nodded. “You’re right. Look at his eyes. His gaze isn’t normal.”

“See? The rumors are true! I’m right!”

As the crisis showed signs of hope, Luisen’s popularity soared as high as the sky. His achievements, which had been devalued by his detractors, began to be reevaluated.

However, bright lights bring dark shadows.

As Luisen’s every move drew attention, the servants began to circulate suspicious rumors.

It started with Carlton’s men. They wondered if Carlton and Luisen had spent a short but intense moment of passion together. However, one of the duchy’s servants had overheard their conversation; stories spread from lip to lip, friend to friend. Of course, everyone had been lukewarm on the veracity of those rumors, but Carlton himself stoked the fires by chasing Luisen everywhere, giving the excuse that he was simply ‘watching over’ the young lord.

Carlton asked Luisen for his body by ransoming the rations!

Carlton is romantically chasing Luisen!

These were the two main points of the rumor. Many were hushed and told to be quiet, but the nature of rumors couldn’t be stopped. Nothing could stay secret forever. The rumors spread amongst the servants and eventually fell into the butler’s ear, who informed the general of what he had heard.





TL: I mean…I can’t say that the rumors are completely off base.





Chapter 34


Chapter 34

Part 4 – A huge misunderstanding and the little truth



At first, the general burst into laughter when he heard what the butler had to say. “Why would you say such nonsense? Asking for his body…Sir Carlton isn’t some neighborhood bandit.”

“Though he may be called ‘Sir,’ isn’t he still a simple mercenary?”

Since the butler’s expression was so serious, the general slowly lost any traces of amusement. He asked, “Do you have any evidence?”

“Our servants have heard Carlton’s men talking amongst themselves. According to them…for recompense….Haah, this is too disgusting to say…” The butler wetted his lips and could barely continue. “In front of all his men, Carlton demanded Luisen bare his body, and our lord knelt down on his knees. Then he chased all of the others out of the room. At first, the man was completely against reinstating rationing, but he completely changed his mind and told everyone that they were allowed to do as they pleased.”

“Huh! So then the reason for why he’s following our lord so closely……”

“He’s bound to have vulgar secret designs on the lord…”

“He said he was simply conducting surveillance…” The general gasped.

“It’s all an excuse. He could have simply ordered his men to do that. He’s acting like that even now…What surveillance? He’s using that excuse to stay close and trick our lord.”

The general felt a sudden surge of vertigo and grasped the wall.

Luisen, who used to follow him with a short lisp. Luisen, who would fall down all the time and beg for hugs and for the general to carry him everywhere.

He raised this child preciously. He couldn’t have possibly loved a blood-related child more. This was the small and young master he raised, unable to discipline him even with a few slaps.

He may have despaired that such upbringing had brought forth a scoundrel and trash of a noble, but–before his very eyes–that same scoundrel became a wise lord and led the duchy through crises. This old man believed he could die in peace from Luisen’s newfound dignified poise…

The general was suddenly filled with rage. “That son of a bitch! How dare he disgrace our lord like this!” 1

He grabbed a knife hanging on the kitchen wall.

The startled butler blocked the general with his whole body.

It was ridiculous for a man who, in his twilight years, had done nothing but stand by a desk to pull a knife on someone.

“Ah, sir, general…Please calm down…”

“How could I calm down right now! Could you keep calm when rumors like this are circulating?”

“Of course I’m angry too. I’m angry but…these are just rumors.”

“……”

“It wouldn’t be wise to blow this up into an even bigger situation. The lord may be ashamed to know that these rumors are even circulating in the first place.” The butler had a sensible point. If these rumors were to get too big, it could damage Luisen’s reputation. The lord’s perfect existence should never have been stained with Carlton’s manipulation.

The general took a deep breath and lowered the knife. He knew that he needed to return to his senses in order to properly protect Luisen from Carlton’s ministrations.

“….The lord knows nothing?” the general asked.

“Yes. It doesn’t seem like he knows. I’ve ordered the servants to keep quiet for now.”

“Good job. The rumor should never spread any further than this,” the general sighed.

The butler nodded, agreeing with the other’s words.

“The problem is that bastard Carlton…We must never leave him alone with the lord. You, the butler, and I should always stay by the lord’s side.”

“Of course. I’ll also tell his chief aide, Ruger, to not leave him alone. Although, since he often leaves his post, he’s not a very reliable man…”

“Either way, protecting the lord should be our first priority.”

“Yes.”

The general and the butler determinedly locked gazes.

After that, the general waited tenaciously for Luisen to return to the castle. His heart desperately wanted to go down to the village, chase Carlton out of the territory, and safely bring Luisen back into the confines of the castle…but he knew that patience rewarded far more than rash actions.

Soon after sunset, it was finally time for the young lord to return.

“The lord has passed through the inner gates.”

“Good. I’ll go to pick him up.”

At the words of a knight, the general rushed out the front door. He could see, in the distance, Luisen approaching on a horse. The lord’s hair glistened orange, his back to the sunset. His figure on a white horse was like an aristocrat out of a minstrel’s story.

Just as pride swelled in the general’s heart, he saw Carlton stuck to Luisen’s side. Carlton couldn’t take his eyes off of Luisen–even the general could understand that all his attention was directed towards the young lord.

“Hnn. At least his eyes have taste.” The general thought Luisen was superior to all others–yet he lamented his lord’s ignorance to Carlton’s innermost insidious thoughts. His lord was courteous, engaging in conversation without guile.

Before he knew it, Luisen and Carlton’s horses stopped in front of the general.

“Have you returned, my lord? You’ve worked hard today as well.” The general only saw his former ward.

“I’m here as well?” Carlton questioned.

“Yes.”

The general blatantly ignored Carlton. “What brought you here on the back of a horse? I thought you took the cart when you left?”

“When it was time to return, I couldn’t find it again. Since Sir Carlton offered to teach me the proper way to ride, I thought I’d challenge myself.” Luisen sighed. He felt the weight of his previous experience when he had fallen off in the middle of the village. ‘I can’t leave my riding skills like this!’

So he cautiously asked Carlton, an excellent rider, to be his teacher.

‘I must be crazy! What am I going to learn from him?’

Carlton wasn’t a particularly good teacher. He naturally knew how to use his body by instinct. The whole way here Carlton nagged, but Luisen still couldn’t understand a single thing. Carlton was constantly frustrated and Luisen was dying to throw a tantrum as well.

“It’s nice to see you trying,” the general said, stepping between his lord and the mercenary. “There’s something we’d like to discuss with the lord, so let’s go together.”

Despite the natural ease at which the general inserted himself, Carlton was unnaturally good at perceiving others’ negative feelings for him. He did not miss the hostility the general and butler had so skillfully hidden.

‘Look at these people,’ he thought. It was obvious the retainers wanted to separate him and Luisen. Since when did these people ever discuss the territory’s logistics with Luisen?

They must have been feeling a sense of urgency due to Luisen’s soaring popularity. Furthermore, it was obvious the lord was able to move freely thanks to Carlton’s company–by separating the two, the retainers may be able to drive a wedge between their relationship or coax the young lord to behave once again.

Carlton swore he had no intention of involving himself with the dispute in the duke’s inner circle. Luisen’s circumstances were unfortunate, but, in this day and age where it was every man for himself, who would make the effort to help him? …He was definitely only following Luisen around because he was concerned about the man’s flushed face as he exerted himself, running here and there.

However, it was very unpleasant to see the others on edge–wary of him–as if they were a cat and he had trampled on their tail. If someone doesn’t like you for no reason, don’t you want to properly give them a reason for their hatred?

Carlton chuckled and pulled on the reins of Luisen’s horse–the horse and rider followed along.

“First, you should get off the horse. Can you get down on your own?” Carlton asked.

“No. No, I can’t.” After some contemplation, Luisen shook his head. The horse’s back was too tall for someone like him. In addition, the horse had been snorting and huffing, unhappy with its rider.

“I’ll hold you as you dismount.” Carlton reached out his hand.

As a result, the general could no longer stand still. “Please, hold my hand, my lord.” The general also extended a hand towards his lord. A tense situation, in which two hands were outstretched to the stranded Luisen, appeared. Carlton and the general–the two shared a fierce glare.

Between the two of them, Luisen was completely absentminded.

“Don’t push yourself too hard, General. You have a bad back, and Sir Carlton is here anyway.” Luisen grabbed Carlton’s hand.

Grasping his steady hands, the lord barely managed to get off the horse. Carlton grabbed and steadied Luisen’s body, which staggered as soon as he landed on the ground. Though the lord’s weight must have been considerable–especially for one hand–Carlton’s hands stood firm and unshakeable.

As the mercenary held onto Luisen’s body, he gave a triumphant look.

The general flushed red. “This despicable…”

“General, are you alright? Your face is so red…are you hurt somewhere?”

“It must be the hue from the sunset,” Carlton said.

“Ah, is that right?” Luisen peacefully looked up at the sky.

The butler’s heart became complicated as he saw his ward so comfortable, without noticing the silent war waging over his well being. No matter how he may have suddenly changed, his apathy and obliviousness to all that surrounded him had not gone away.

The general squeezed in between the two, separating them. Carlton frowned as he automatically let go of the lord’s hand.

“There’s an urgent matter to attend to. My lord, let us leave.”

“Huh? Really? Then I should go.” Luisen complied.

However, Carlton placed a hand on Luisen’s shoulder. “That ‘urgent matter’…. I’m curious as to what it could be.”

“It’s about the duchy’s internal affairs. Sir Carlton should rest. It must be tiring to follow the lord around all day long–you don’t have a reason to escort him at night, right?”

“Why wouldn’t I escort him? It all depends on how you see it–after all, I’ve gotten quite close with the duke. I’ve a keg of alcohol I brought from the north…as he worked hard today, learning to ride a horse, I thought I’d offer some as a reward.”

“Northern liquor!?” Luisen exclaimed. “Then, after talking with the general, I can share some drinks with Sir Carlton, right? I’ll find you in your room.”

“Unacceptable!” the general huffed.

“Of course.” Carlton grinned. It was a real pleasure–always, whenever and wherever–to stake victory over another. He loved winning so much.





TL:

Carlton – “I’m blunt and I don’t feel sorry for or any other feelings for this lord”

Also Carlton – “I’m going to intentionally aggravate people and flirt with the guy because people don’t want me to. Also create a multi-chapter fanfiction about his backstory in my head.”

Thanks Areli to the kofi~ This bonus chap is for you >.<





Footnotes




The original says ‘treat as if no better than a female dog.” Which uh…in English would probably better be translated as “disgrace.” lmao.





Chapter 35


Chapter 35



It was Carlton’s men who broke the tension during this bizarre standoff.

“Captain! Captain!!” Carlton’s men rushed in as if they had been waiting hours for his arrival.

Carlton felt a bit annoyed as a distraction appeared right at his moment of victory. “What?”

Carlton’s men, accustomed to his blunt attitude, did not shrink back in fear. Instead, they took a deep breath and said, “The surrender envoy from Vinard estate has arrived.”

At that moment, everyone–the general, the butler, Luisen, and Carlton–immediately turned their attention towards the men.

Among the southern lords who supported the second prince, Vinard was the only estate which did not surrender to Carlton. Carlton had mobilized to punish them, but the schedule was delayed by Luisen’s failure and the subsequent distribution of rations. Following the original plan, Carlton would have broken into their front gates by now and held a knife to the lord’s neck.

“You’re saying they’ve come to surrender now?” Carlton grew serious under these unexpected circumstances.

It was later than late! It had already been days since the locust storm passed the duchy. Thanks to the thorough preparation and the village’s support, they had been told that the swarm of locusts had split into multiple groups and were no longer such a threat.

“If they were going to surrender, they should have done so immediately. Why would they send an envoy now?” Luisen looked towards the general, but the general also seemed to be oblivious.

Carlton’s men continued, “But the envoy from Vinard…it seems they’re in a strange state.”

“Strange how?”

“They claim that we’re deceiving them–babbling and causing all sorts of mayhem. They claim they ‘don’t believe it,’ and are asking us to bring forth the Duke of Anies.”

“Me?” Luisen’s eyes grew round.

“Yes. You, sir duke. They refuse to say a word until the duke arrives.”

Next to him, Carlton’s face twisted violently. “Is it time for them to kick the bucket? If they can’t believe anything, then let them stay that way. What’s there to ‘believe?’ Since when were we the type to talk things out?”

“Haah. You’re right, Captain.”

Carlton’s boorish comments made his subordinate giggle. Carlton and his men always seemed to match each other well–harmonious as always.

Shouldn’t the subordinate at least pretend to restrain his leader at this time?

Luisen was forced to step in. “Sir Carlton, please calm down. Why don’t I go with you? I’m also wondering what is happening.”

“Well…” Carlton seemed reluctant, but he had no strong objections.

But stubborn opposition sprang forth from an unexpected source. “Absolutely not.”

It was the general.

“Even if Vinard’s lord may be a lord, he is a mere vassal compared to you. Perhaps if he personally came to request an audience…as it stands, he has no right to order you to come and go as he pleases.”

“This situation is peculiar. 1 I’m also curious as to what’s with the behavior of Vinard’s envoys.”

Carlton’s purpose was to subjugate the southern lords under the first prince’s banner.

Once Vinard’s surrender was clarified and confirmed, there would be no reason for him to stay in the south. The mission would be over. Carlton would then leave the duchy, and freedom would be restored to them. The shackles that bound the retainers and Luisen would disappear, and all authority would be returned to the duke.

That was a moment everyone in the Anies duchy had been waiting for with bated breaths. Therefore, Vinard’s refusal to surrender was also an important issue to Luisen.

“But…”

“If it’s safety the general is concerned about, then there’s no need. I have Carlton, after all.”

“That’s also a problem,” the general grumbled.

“If the surrender envoy was in danger while on his way to the duchy, it’s not something to be taken lightly.”

“That’s true, but…” The general’s resolve slightly relented at Luisen’s persuasion.

“Hm.” Carlton wasn’t too inclined to take Luisen to the meeting with the envoy either. However, when the general opposed his participation, a desire to act like a green frog popped up. 2

“Alright then. Let’s go together.”

“Really?” Luisen asked.

""



“Yes. But you must promise to stay close to me and not cause any trouble.”

“Am I a child?”

“Would you like to peacefully remain at the castle?”

“No! I won’t make trouble. I promise.”

Carlton gave a small chuckle at Luisen’s quick turnaround.

‘He’s definitely changed,’ Luisen thought.

He didn’t smile as if he were pretending to be kind, as he had before. His laughter lacked some sharpness and sarcasm. Luisen thought the mercenary had gotten nicer as well. So, lately, he’d been less scared of Carlton in the past few days. Luisen did not know the reason for this sudden change, but he liked it.

‘I mean, I think I’m doing pretty well these days. Maybe that’s why Carlton’s gotten softer on me. Haha!’

“Then, I shall follow you as well,” the general squeezed in. He was determined not to leave the two, Luisen and Carlton, alone.

However, Luisen refused to cooperate. “You should guard the castle. The acting lord and the lord should not both leave the premises.”

“That’s right. There’s no reason for the both of you to go,” Carlton chimed in.

At that impudence, the general’s anger soared to the tip of his head. “Then, at the very least, you’d better bring your servant. Let’s call for Ruger.” The general rushed into the building, attempting to find Luisen’s chief attendant.

As soon as he left, Luisen turned to Carlton. “Let’s get going.”

“You’re alright with leaving your attendant behind?”

“That punk is probably idling–hiding from his job–in some hidden location. If we wait for him, the whole day might pass us by.”

“Well then.” Carlton mounted Luisen onto his horse. He had no choice: if Luisen were to ride his own horse, they may get separated or the ride down would take all night. If the general had seen it, he would have fainted…but Carlton and Luisen left before the man returned.



******



The thoroughbred warhorse quickly carried the two, galloping at breakneck speed along the straight stretch of road leading to the gate. It was so quick that Luisen, who had been distracted by various worries, arrived far faster than he had expected. When the guards confirmed that Carlton was present, the gate opened.

There was a tent built just outside the gates–previously, this was where all the surrender envoys had been received and dealt with. The guards approached their captain; they were surprised to see Luisen in Carlton’s arms.

“…It seems the duke has tagged along.”

Carlton dismounted first and, very naturally, he held the duke with both hands to help him get off as well. Though the men knew Luisen couldn’t easily get off the horse alone, they were still so surprised they were rendered speechless. ‘What on earth is going on??’

“The envoy?”

“….Te-tent…Let’s go inside.” Carlton men led the two to their destination with trembling faces. Five men stood inside the tent–four of them were wearing armor, and the other donned clothes made of soft cloth. He was immediately recognizable as the chief envoy sent to broker the terms of surrender.

“You. Are you in charge of delivering the news of surrender?” Carlton asked. The envoy snorted and raised his head. Since the man was sitting down, he looked up at the mercenary, but it somehow felt like he was looking down at Carlton instead.

Luisen could infer exactly what kind of man he was: a noble who did not yet know how high the sky was.

“Are you Carlton? I’m Bolton, the heir and eldest son to the Vinard territory. I’m in charge of this procession. It’s said that you’re a common man…don’t you know how to pay respects to nobles?”

Sure enough, Bolton was blue-blooded through and through. He wasn’t daunted by Carlton and instead provoked him for what he’s worth. It was clear he was immersed in the advantages his station of birth afforded him and mistook himself as absolutely superior in any situation.

Carlton took an angry step forward; only then did Bolton flinch.

“F-fine. Looking at you, it’s not as if you look educated. I’ll show you mercy this time. Why don’t you speak with me…your men were speaking some nonsense to me.” Bolton attempted to get a handle on the situation.

Luisen grimaced and grabbed Carlton by the arm–he was sure the man was about to kill the Vinard envoy.

“It’s alright. I won’t kill him.”

“It’s not about killing. If you hit an envoy, you’ll gain more notoriety and the surrender negotiations could go awry.”

Carlton’s expression softened slightly as Luisen clung anxiously onto him. Then, Bolton noticed Luisen’s presence.

“Oh! Uh! A-aren’t you the duke?!” Bolton leapt to his feet and humbly greeted Luisen. His head bowed down as deep as it could, almost reaching his knees. “Goodness me, how are you, my duke? I am Bolton Vinard. We met briefly last year at the New Year’s celebration.”

“Did we, now?”

“Yes. We even talked for over five minutes at that time…In anycase, have you come all this way for us? The duke’s generosity makes this Bolton’s head hang low and his heart overflow with gratitude.” Bolton acted as if he was moved to tears as he kowtowed towards Luisen. Carlton, on the other hand, was dumbfounded at how the Vinard heir seemed to be a completely different man.

Luisen also felt awkward, as it had been a long time since he had received such blatant flattery. ‘Just from the way he speaks, it looks like he’s fine.’

On the surface, it didn’t seem like he’d run into much trouble. The envoy’s clothes had become dirty after travelling a long way, and his face was lined with fatigue. But, he didn’t seem to have suffered much hardship–rather, the journey seemed to have been quite smooth.

“Let’s stop with the useless small talk. Now, tell me, why have you made such a fuss and requested my presence?”

“What do you mean fuss? How could we dare cause trouble? We were just so frustrated and outraged at the unfairness of it all that we simply raised our voices a little.”

“What’s so unfair?” Luisen asked. Simultaneously, Bolton angrily glared at Carlton, but he couldn’t bring himself to openly show such hostility in front of the duke, so he restrained himself.





TL: Sorry for a bit of the delay guys >.< But the chapter’s here!





Footnotes




Originally, the novel says “this situation is a situation,” In korean, repeating like that often implies something special…It might not translate through well, so I found the English equivalent.

Acting like a green frog is basically acting like a contrarian. You want to do the opposite of whatever others say.





Chapter 36


Chapter 36



“Didn’t you issue an official letter from the duchy a while ago? As you know, we’re a smaller estate. Even if we work hard, we cannot afford to fight both a war and the locusts.”

“Of course.”

“So, the Lord sent me, his son, to surrender. We have decided to come–no pretense–and bear ourselves diligently before the duke of this land. The nonstop journey between our estates took around three days.”

Luisen nodded. Carlton had said earlier that the ride would take that long.

“Three days after the official document was issued, we left; now we’re here, three days later.”

“Huh?” Luisen noticed the oddity in his testimony. More than six days had passed since the official document was spread.

“But now that I’m here, they’re telling me that it’s been longer than that and that the swarm of locusts have long passed? What nonsense! It’s only been six days! Can’t you see why we’d be so dumbfounded and upset at the unfairness of the situation?”

“As far as I’m concerned, I don’t understand what you’re saying.”

“What?”

“Six days…it’s been way longer than that. Other lords have all visited and surrendered and the plague has passed us by.”

“T-that’s impossible! We came here without rest! Sure, there was a foggy area on the way, but, even if we were slower…we never stopped once! Right?”

Bolton looked to his party for confirmation. Bolton’s party also nodded. “That’s right, we moved nonstop while the sun was still in the sky–exactly three nights!” they said, shouting in disbelief.

“What do you think?” Luisen asked Carlton for his opinion.

Carlton laughed. “Weren’t they just stubborn while the others surrendered? And, when another war was around their corner, they finally sent an envoy. They’re making up nonsense now that they’re embarrassed.”

“We of Vinard have a proud and venerable history as a noble house in the south. We wouldn’t use such dirty tricks. I’m telling you now; it’s been six days since the official letter has been issued!”

“Well, it hasn’t. More than ten days have elapsed.” Luisen scrutinized Bolton. His eyes looked fine, and he didn’t seem to have eaten anything off. But the man still seemed to be confused.

Bolton also looked at Luisen with suspicion. “My duke, if you were forced by these punks in an unsavory way…”

Luisen crumpled his forehead. How like an aristocrat, flattering without pride and then immediately changing his tune when he feels at a disadvantage. “Are you saying that the Duke of Anies, under threat, is lying?” Luisen spoke coldly.

“…Ah, no…I’m not questioning the duke’s integrity. How could I dare? I’m just so frustrated. If what the duke says is true…then what in the world happened to our time…?” Bolton murmured as if in a trance. He was so sure that Carlton’s men were lying, but, at Luisen’s confirmation, his confusion had reached a fever pitch.

Because Bolton and his party seemed to no longer be in the right state of mind for further conversation, Luisen left the tent. “Is he telling the truth?”

“Of course he’s lying. The Vinard’s heir is a good actor.” Carlton did not believe in Bolton, but Luisen thought differently.

“If they were going to lie, why wouldn’t they have come up with something more plausible? Like being stopped by bandits in a highway robbery?”

“…That’s perhaps true, but those people are truly claiming nonsense.”

“Maybe they were captivated by an evil fae. Or a wizard?”

“If a wizard was the cause, there would have been some traces. They looked too normal to have been possessed or bewitched.”

“Is that so…” The stories of the envoys were far too unbelievable to trust, but Luisen felt uncomfortable dismissing these testimonies. He was extra nervous because this issue happened within the borders of his duchy.

“You should just go back to the main castle.”

“What about the negotiations?”

“We can’t negotiate at this rate–we’ll have to continue tomorrow.”

“Are those people going to be alright?”

“They’ll come to their senses if we leave them alone for a day.” Carlton barked a few instructions to his men and lifted Luisen onto his horse.

Even his action of placing Luisen on the saddle felt natural–Carlton’s men stared blankly at their disappearing back. “I guess the rumors from the castle’s servants were true.”

The servants from the castle had muttered to them, ‘Sir Carlton harbors an unrequited love for the duke.” Of course, Carlton’s men couldn’t have imagined that the rumor’s origin started with them.

Their captain was usually quite blunt and kept kind words close to his chest. Their doubts turned into certainties.



*****



The two–the only ones who had yet to realize what supposed affection existed between them–leisurely returned to the castle. Carlton guided his horse to trot slowly, and Luisen could comfortably look around at his surroundings.

The two were alone on the wide road. Since it was deep into the night, everything was quiet. Every time Luisen was taken slightly off balance by the horse’s undulations, his body fell into contact with Carlton’s front. At each touch, he could feel the warmth of the other’s body and the thudding of his heart.

It struck Luisen once again that he was truly peacefully riding together with Carlton through the lower village–life truly couldn’t be predicted more than a few steps ahead. The years spent mired in the delusion of being chased by the black knight felt so distant.

“When the surrender negotiation with Vinard is over, is your mission over as well?” Luisen asked.

“Yes. After all, the Vinard family is the last.”

“Then you won’t have any more reasons to linger here. Will you return to the capital?”

“…I suppose I have to go back.” Carlton had waited impatiently to return, but, in the end, something tugged at his heart. “What are you going to do, my duke?”

“Me? I’ll just be here. I’ll have to catch up on my work and study. I’m considering taking up the mantle of a proper lord that I had previously thrown away.”

“That’s a good idea. In my view, this is a good opportunity to push out your retainers and restore your authority.”

“Well, no need to go to the extent of pushing them out…”

“When you’re doing something like this, you need to be firm about it.”

“Alright.” Luisen thought that something was odd but was convinced that such a ruthless and extreme answer was quite like Carlton.

""



‘Once Carlton leaves…’

Before his regression, Carlton’s appearance had completely overturned his life.

Now, after one death, he returned to the middle of the war. His surrender was like a new beginning–the opening of a door–for both of them. Perhaps that was why Carlton’s departure felt like curtains falling upon the stage after the end of a performance.

In the dark, a cold wind brushed over them. It felt as if the wind blew from within their hearts.

“I’m still bothered by what the Vinard envoys say they have been through. Watch your surroundings for the following days and prepare thoroughly before leaving,” Luisen advised seriously.

Carlton looked down at the top of Luisen’s round head. If he were to leave the duchy, there would be no more reason for him to take the duke horseback riding like this. Before his brain could properly filter himself, words escaped his mouth. “…Then, we’ll never see each other again?”

‘What am I even saying? I sound pathetic.’

Luisen’s advice and his words were completely out of context.

Uncharacteristically chatty, Carlton continued, “It doesn’t seem like my duke has plans to visit the capital anytime soon. And there’s no reason for me to visit the south…”

“Well, it’s the duty of one of the great lords to prepare for the coronations, so I’ll be going to the capital then. Perhaps I’ll see you at that time.”

“The coronation…It’s a long way off.”

Perhaps the mercenary had been separated far too long from the prince’s side–perhaps this night was just too still and timeless–the coronation felt so distant.

“Many things will be different then compared to now,” Carlton murmured.

“I guess so. Why? Are you having second thoughts now that you’re leaving?” Luisen said, mischief laced through his words.

“Of course not. Never. I want to go back to the capital as soon as possible. My feet are already marching up and down.” Carlton exaggeratedly stomped to a beat–however, he didn’t sound as excited as he acted. He himself did not know why he felt like this. At this moment, he was more concerned with how Luisen’s trembling laugh spread through the touch of their bodies.



***



As soon as Luisen returned to the castle, he told the general what Carlton and he had heard from Vinard’s delegation. However, neither the general nor the other retainers could easily guess the cause of what had happened to the envoys. As far as they knew, there was no immediate danger in the duchy or the surrounding areas.

The next day, Luisen headed for the town square of the lower village.

“My lord, aren’t you tired of eating the same thing all the time?”

“It’s always delicious.”

“I’ve been thinking–you always look like you’re enjoying what you eat.”

The citizens comfortably approached their lord, perhaps because of Carlton’s conspicuous absence. Two knights were still on guard, flanking both of Luisen’s sides, but their presence was weak compared to the mercenary.

Carlton did not follow Luisen this time because he had yet to conclude the negotiations with Vinard’s envoys. Fortunately, however, there was no great danger since public opinion viewed Luisen so favorably.

“I baked bread using the buried old hags. I thought it was pretty well done, so I brought some for you to taste.” One of the citizens stepped forward.

‘How did they know that bread made from this root is considered a delicacy? I didn’t even teach them how to make this bread!’ Luisen was glad the new crop seemed to have been accepted by the people of his territory.





TL: This was super romantic in an emotionally constipated way <3





Chapter 37


Chapter 37

A villager brought a basket loaded with bread and handed its contents to the people milling about in the plaza. Luisen sat around with the villagers and ate the bread–it was a taste he hadn’t experienced in a long while. The insides were not soft, but chewy–the longer one chewed, the sweeter it was.

“How is it, my lord?

“Delicious. You really brought through the innate sweetness of the buried old hag.”

“I’m a bit wistful for the taste of butter.”

“What can we do–we don’t have any.”

The villagers comfortably talked to each other in front of Luisen. The young lord was proud that his citizens seemed to have grown used to his presence.

While eating the bread, Luisen began asking some questions, “Has there been any strange happenings at the estate?”

“Something strange?”

“Perhaps it’s gotten unduly foggy lately–then people may disappear? Or perhaps they’re confused about the dates? Have there been people who’ve been through something strange like that on their way to the duchy?” Luisen asked.

“Hmm…I’m not sure…”

“Missing persons cases happen every now and then, but…

“How about rumors of a magician? Or an evil fae?”

“A lot of creatures live in the forest, but I’m not too sure about fae…” The villagers didn’t seem to particularly recall anything important.

“Ah, I guess the fog’s been heavier lately. The fog’s been rolling in from that direction ever since the new reservoir’s been built this past spring.”

“Because of the reservoir? And not for any other reason?”

“Of course. It’s been exceptionally bad ever since the reservoir was built.”

“I see…” Luisen nodded. So the fog that the Vinard envoy had forded through was a natural phenomenon?

Luisen, who was suspicious of supernatural interference–magic or its ilk–lost some steam. ‘So they were lying? Why would they lie so blatantly like that?’

Last night the general had told him he’d known Vinard’s lord and his son for quite some time; they were loyal to the Anies family. In his opinion, the envoy’s testimony should not be written off as pure lies.

Luisen spent the entire day asking around for information until his head hurt–still, there was nothing to show for his efforts. ‘These people, like me, have been locked up in estate bounds for over a month…they couldn’t possibly know the situation outside.’

Luisen tore huge chunks off the bread he was holding; even in times of crisis, his appetite was voracious.

****

While Luisen was darting here and there in the village, Carlton finished up the surrender negotiations. After leaving them alone for the night, Vinard’s envoys seemed to return to reality. They wanted to finalize terms quickly and return home; Carlton, in turn, drafted compromises that sat well with both of them.

After signing the terms of surrender, the Vinard envoys hurriedly left the duchy. Carlton and his men also were on their way back to the castle–already in a celebratory and self-congratulatory mood.

“Finally, it’s time to leave. The food was delicious, and the servants served us well.”

“Sounds like something you’d never say. You said you were frustrated at the missed opportunities to march into battle.”

“Even so, the food here was delicious. Somehow, even fresh water tasted divine.”

“Then, when are we departing? The day after tomorrow? Tomorrow? We’re not leaving today, are we?” Carlton’s men thought their captain, who always grumbled about being in the south, would immediately order their squad to mobilize. However, Carlton seemed apprehensive.

“Well.” Carlton remembered his conversation with Luisen the night before. “After observing our surroundings for one week, we should prepare to leave.”

It was an answer quite unlike their captain–hesitation trembled in his voice.

“Huh? A whole week?” The men looked at Carlton in surprise.

At that time, Carlton was distracted by golden, glistening hair as he passed through the town square. His attention was captivated by Luisen having his meal, surrounded by his subjects.

‘I told him to be careful, but he’s completely defenseless.’ Carlton frowned disapprovingly.

The vice captain of the squad fell into deep contemplation at the sight of his boss’ wandering eyes. ‘Those two seem to be getting very intimate these days…Some suspicious rumors have been circulating…Don’t tell me, is he delaying departure because of the duke?’

Involuntarily, a question slipped from the vice captain’s mouth. “Captain, do you truly like the duke?”

“What?”

What kind of ridiculous joke is that? Carlton smiled, throwing the question back at him, but his lieutenant’s face was far too serious.

“Why are you spouting that kind of nonsense with such a serious demeanor?”

“It’s because I’m serious. There are already all sorts of rumors floating around–that our captain is chasing after the duke.”

“Ha. Rumors. Do my men believe those servants’ words?” Carlton’s expression twisted.

At their captain’s snarl, his men proceeded carefully. “But aren’t you exceptionally nice to the duke?”

“That’s right. You’ve been following him around, taking care of situations that pop up around him, and even escorting him safely. You even gave him a ride yesterday. After escorting a perfectly fine and healthy duke, wouldn’t it be natural for some people to start wondering and talking?”

Carlton was bewildered. ‘Me? Liking the duke?’

Impossible. Carlton’s taste tended towards men who were smart and mature–those who could rely on themselves. Luisen, though quite clever, was a far cry from mature. Rather, he still seemed like a lost, abandoned child.

He felt sorry for Luisen’s hidden circumstances, so he paid extra attention to the lord. However, he didn’t expect to hear these outlandish tales. It was unbearably humiliating to hear that he would chase after such a pathetic fellow.

What Carlton loved most was victory. His only goal was to tear down those who had underestimated him and stand tall on their ruins; he couldn’t afford to divide his attention and concentrate leisurely on his love life. Nor did he want to.

In addition, Luisen was a noble.

‘Me? Have a crush on a nobleman? Who would say such a horrible and disgusting thing?’ Carlton shivered with a low groan.

Of course, he had to admit that Luisen was a rare beauty–made more divine by the halo of his attitude and status as a great lord. But that was merely an objective assessment…not that he looked special or pretty in his eyes.

‘No. Absolutely not.’ Carlton adamantly denied it all.

“If not, I’m glad to hear that…We’re busy enough trying to take care of ourselves.” The deputy handed Carlton a small note. It had arrived from the capital while the surrender negotiations were underway. “This letter is from Ennis, from the capitol.”

Ennis was the prince’s maid, a woman who had already joined Carlton’s cause before he headed down to the south. Her letter meant there was a situation brewing against the mercenary in the capital.

Carlton read the letter with a grim expression before setting it down. The letter was written in a predetermined cipher such that no one else could uncover its meaning. However, he felt dizzy from the muddled scrawl.

The contents were quite short. Ennis informed him that the nobles had recently brought news of various conflicts and advised him to return to the prince’s side as soon as possible. She added that he should be careful as the circumstances of the southern lords seemed suspicious.

‘Be careful of what?’

The Anies duchy was so peaceful, and it seemed as if the aftermath of the chaotic struggle of the kingdom’s throne had not reached this area. Was there something happening out of sight?

‘I have to let the duke know….Ah, no. No.’ Carlton couldn’t afford to be caught up in any more southern struggles. If he were to be involved in this power struggle, he may not be able to find even a silver lining in the aftermath. As Ennis said, it was right to quickly leave the south now.

In the aftermath of the civil war, Carlton had the most substantive troops. In the case of conflict, Carlton was the most likely candidate to send to the area of dispute.

In this situation, the peaceful nature of the south made it seem as if they were laying the groundwork to send Carlton to various places that didn’t truly need his force. If he couldn’t step foot in the capital, he would be unable to undermine the nobles’ efforts.

Carlton gritted his teeth; he was sick and tired of these nobles’ tricks and schemes. He wanted to strangle them all, though that was an impossible dream.

‘I need to go back to the prince’s side, one day sooner than normally possible.’

Now the only one who could protect Carlton was Prince Ellion. The prince owed Carlton a great debt–the only way he could settle down in the capital would be to provoke the prince’s conscience.

If the body moves away, the mind travels far–gratitude would soon be forgotten. The prince wasn’t a pushover, but he was still a human being.

Carlton had to return soon; there wasn’t time to lay around and relax at the duchy. The vague anxiety and nervousness he felt when he first came down to the south came back.

‘Yes. It’s hard enough to fend for myself,’ he thought.

Whether or not Luisen was bullied by his retainers or embroiled in a power struggle with the southern aristocrats mattered not to Carlton. Now, he couldn’t afford to worry about others

“If we prepare to leave all day and night, how long until we are ready to leave?” the mercenary asked.

“Around three days.”

“Two days. Be finished with the preparations in two days. Divide those that are fleet footed and those that are slow. After the division, we’ll ride to the capital without rest.”

“Are you going to split the troops?”

“Yes.”

“Then, we’ll just proceed like we did when we first arrived in the south. Understood.”

Unaware of everything that had happened, Luisen was still enjoying his bread. He then suddenly raised his head, looked around, and found Carlton on the horizon. The young lord raised his hand and waved at the mercenary. Under the clear blue sky, his smile shone brilliantly.

At first, Luisen had trembled and struggled to make eye contact with him. But when Carlton saw Luisen’s changed attitude, even he had realized the two had gotten too intimate.



TL: You get back there mister and say your proper greetings to Luisen!!





Chapter 38


Chapter 38



Carlton sighed.

It was reasonable that such a ridiculous rumor that he had affections for Luisen had emerged. He must have been concerned enough about the young lord that it seemed unusual to others.

Hesitating to leave because of worries over a noble?

That sounded so pathetic.

He’d been living too comfortably–immersed in the relaxed and indolent atmosphere unique to the south. He’d become too relaxed. There hadn’t been any battles, and there was no sense of crisis as wealth just rolled in. However, it was time to tighten his resolve sharply again.

Alarmed, Carlton vowed to himself, ‘Keep distance from Luisen and focus on my work.’

Carlton deliberately turned a blind eye to the lord’s smile.



*****



That night, the general gathered Luisen and his retainers in the conference room. There, Luisen heard unexpected news: Carlton and his soldiers had decided to leave in two days.

The retainers, who were originally quite anxious, broke into a festive mood. They cheered and hugged each other as if Carlton had already left and all their troubles had come to an end.

While everyone was delighted, Luisen was bewildered. He felt increasingly burdened as everyone else said he did well and thanked him.

He didn’t feel any better when he returned to his bedroom, took a bath, and changed into his pajamas. Ruger hummed as he combed Luisen’s hair. As Luisen was in a particularly melancholic mood, the song agitated him. “You seem to be in a good mood.”

“Of course! Carlton is leaving! My duke, aren’t you happy?”

“I am.” Carlton’s departure would mean that all the hardships he had expected when he returned to the past were over. He had been looking forward to this day for a long time; but, somehow, he was more upset than joyful.

The Anies duchy had survived. What now? What should they do now? Thinking of the future made his heart sink, and he became gloomy. It felt a bit similar to staring at a blank exam without being able to write down a single answer.

Anxiety made unnecessary worries manifest. ‘Just, why is he leaving so suddenly? Isn’t two days far too soon?’

The road to the capital was long; it was doubtful whether or not Carlton’s troops could finish preparations for that trip within two days. In addition, he was also worried about the Vinard household’s envoys’ testimonies. If what they said was true, there was an unknown danger lurking outside the castle. They’d be traveling with a large amount of supplies and wealth; they should at least send a small advance team to scout the area.

Last night, Carlton seemed to accept Luisen’s suggestion to be careful. He thought that the mercenary would spend a few leisurely days preparing and finishing up their duties. ‘Why did he suddenly change his mind?’

Furthermore, he did not directly hear this change from Carlton himself but, instead, from the general. Luisen thought the other would at least let him know when he had planned to leave. The abruptness was strange and upsetting.

Ignorant to Luisen’s innermost thoughts, Ruger said excitedly, “My duke, you’re happy, aren’t you? When Carlton leaves, we can pack quickly and return to the capital!”

“The capital? There’s a lot of things left to do here.”

“What does my lord have to do here?”

“I need to take care of the estate–I’m the lord after all.”

“Since when have you paid attention to your noble duties? Even if the duke isn’t there, the general will be present; the duchy will be fine without you,” said the attendant.

Luisen became depressed at Ruger’s words–he wasn’t completely wrong, after all.

“Tell the others to do those boring and difficult things. Isn’t that what retainers are for? They need things to do as well. Let’s go to the capital and party and drink–have fun–like before,” Ruger said.

“What party…All our friends are dead…”

“Then we should make new friends. Everyone’s impatient to get to know you, my duke. Why must you continue to only say such depressing things? As expected, the capital and the city fit us better. Being stuck in the countryside has only made you worry and be bleak.”

“I’m serious right now–our future is bleak.”

The thing Luisen was most scared of was that his knowledge of the future was now useless due to all the changes in the timeline. So far, he had made up for his lack of ability with his knowledge of the future, but that nest egg was soon running out.

Ruger gently patted and smoothed his hair as if to console him. “What is my duke worried about when he has me?”

Then, he talked about how bad the situation was in the duchy and how they could have enjoyed themselves in the capital. His smooth talking was so efficient that his words could have crafted memories that didn’t even exist. However, none of his flamboyant speech penetrated Luisen’s ears.

‘I should tell Carlton to go slower. I need to steel myself as well,’ Luisen thought.

It was too late today–tomorrow, then.

He’d meet Carlton again and try to convince him.



*****



The next day, Luisen headed to the general’s office instead of going to the lower village. Now that Carlton was preparing to leave and the gates to the estate were opening, other work had appeared.

Luisen shadowed the general to learn about his duties and met with the retainers in the conference room to discuss the next steps after Carlton’s departure. All he did was sit at the head of the table and listen to the others’ words, but the retainers were very satisfied with that alone. They found it miraculous that their lord, who was usually busy running away and playing around, had sat through the whole discussion.

In his free time, he completed the homework and studies given to him by the general and the treasurer.

The lack of rest felt unfair, but Luisen was reaping his own karma.

In between all that, Luisen tried to meet with Carlton. Before, he used to be able to see the mercenary whenever he wished, but recently he hadn’t been able to see even the tip of his nose.

Of course, Luisen was also busy. Whenever Luisen tried to visit Carlton, a servant or one of the knights suddenly appeared from somewhere and dragged him away, saying that the general was calling for him. Then, when he visited the general, he was only given more homework.

‘This is too strange?’

But the biggest problem was not the retainers who followed Luisen around like baby birds, but Carlton himself.

Before, Luisen could find the mercenary without much effort; today, he couldn’t find him anywhere. After waiting for him, Luisen had decided to visit him first. However, his efforts were in vain, as the other was always said to be busy or not present. He waited–eyes wide open–and when he saw Carlton appear at the castle, he chased him, but the mercenary disappeared again.

‘Are you avoiding me…?’ As understandable doubt began to arise within him, Luisen slowly grew angry.

‘No, I’d understand if we’re too busy to meet. But don’t you think you should say goodbye before leaving?’ No matter what others may have said, Luisen was still the owner of this castle. If one settled down in another’s castle for more than a month, it would be polite and proper to leave their greetings before they left. Of course, the two didn’t meet under the best of conditions, but they’d been doing well since. Furthermore, they may meet again in the capital or city in the future…

Now that it had come to this, Luisen was agitated even by Carlton’s choice to ignore Luisen’s greeting down at the lower village. ‘Was this because I kept trying to feed him the buried old hags? I was only joking…why is he avoiding me? Did I give him any reason to do so? He even asked if there was a chance we could meet again in the capital.’

Recalling that night, Luisen felt as if he hadn’t done anything wrong. The atmosphere at that time was harmonious and pleasant.

‘In fact, there was no problem if we just left it like this,’ Luisen thought. ‘As the others have said, it’s supposed to be great news that Carlton can leave quickly.’ It was none of Luisen’s business whether or not Carlton would rush himself into an accident.

However, Luisen did not want to part with the man like this.

Carlton’s departure from the duchy meant more to him than the others. The war that changed Luisen’s life had ended; the long journey to correct his mistake of abandoning his estate and fleeing his troubles had finally come to an end.

Luisen had long been chased by the mercenary and had been afraid of him for a very long time–his appearance had destroyed the foolish young lord’s perfect life. Many things had changed since the regression. He felt as if Carlton had acknowledged him to some extent, and Luisen was also not as afraid of Carlton as he was before. The relationship with the mercenary was like a symbol of the correct choices the lord had made after regression.

That was why Luisen wanted to see Carlton off.

‘In this situation….’

The saint had said that those who hesitate and procrastinate would eventually find their life had come to an end. If your target is avoiding you, you should confront them when they can’t escape.

Luisen waited deeply for the quiet, lonely night to fall upon the castle.



***



He sneaked out of the room at the right time–if Luisen were to meet any servants, they may block his efforts, so he observed his surroundings carefully as he headed to Carlton’s room.

The lights were off in his bedroom, and Luisen charged right in. The room was dark, but Luisen knew the layout well since this room had once been his. Getting to the bed was no real trouble.

Carlton was laying on the bed.

‘He’s sleeping so well.’

However, sleeping well or not, that wasn’t going to stop the motivated Luisen. The lord approached Carlton carefully, taking caution not to wake him, with outstretched hands. But, before that hand could reach Carlton’s shoulder, Carlton pulled on Luisen’s wrist

“Huh? Hnnrk!?” Luisen was dragged along, just like that. His body was turned halfway around and thrown onto the fluffy bed; his eyes were spinning from the rapid change in momentum. Carlton held down Luisen’s chest tightly with one arm, and in one smooth flourish, he held a dagger to the lord’s throat with his other.





TL: Well that’s going to fan more rumors! How bold~ going to a man’s bedroom late at night.





Chapter 39


Chapter 39



It happened in an instant; Luisen opened his eyes wide and hurriedly said, “Sir Carlton, it’s me. Me.”

“Duke….” Carlton frowned, still half-asleep. His voice also sounded guarded.

“Yes, I’m the duke. You understand now? Let’s take away this dagger first.”

“Ah, I’m sorry. In my sleep I just–.”

He brandishes his dagger in his sleep? This person–wasn’t this a big accident waiting to happen? This was a horrible sleeping habit. In addition, Carlton was naked; because Luisen was dressed only in pajamas, his bare skin could be felt through the thin cloth.

The definition of his firm muscles was clear. In particular, the touch of a certain area alongside Luisen’s thigh was very, very explicit. Was this a leg? Did he have another leg? The presence and size of that thing was just intense.

Cold sweat ran down Luisen’s back.

“Why is the duke here? In this flimsy outfit.” Carlton fiddled with the bunched-up cloth at Luisen’s waist without hesitation.

‘Is he still not yet awake?!’ Luisen rubbed at his arms. Carlton was only touching his clothes, but it felt as if he was directly rubbing him instead. “The only thing I had to wear was pajamas. The last time I snuck out of the room, I was caught digging up the buried old hags by Ruger. After that he took away all my clothes, telling me not to walk around alone at night.”

“So that’s why you crawled into this bed in only your pajamas this late at night?”

“As for the bed, you pulled me into it. Who said I crawled in…” Luisen explained himself even though he didn’t understand why he had to make such excuses to Carlton. The lord’s gaze wandered at nothing particular. Carlton’s eyes were strangely persistent, and it was hard to make eye contact. But it was even more embarrassing to look down; he could see everything from his smooth chest to his washboard abs–and to what was underneath. The strange atmosphere was driving him crazy.

“Of course, why would the duke…” Carlton stared down at Luisen before saying something mysterious.

“What are you saying? Get off now! And wear some clothes! This is so embarrassing…”

Carlton finally got out of bed and dressed himself. Luisen also rushed out of bed, feeling like it wasn’t proper for him to be there either.

Luisen sat upright at a table, and soon Carlton sat in front of him. The lord finally felt at ease when he saw that the other was dressed properly, both top and bottom.

“What’s going on?” Carlton asked. He was straightforward, cutting to the point rather than running in circles. He could have asked more courteously, but he was distracted by the previous situation.

“Why are you leaving so soon? You said you were leaving in two days? Actually, it’s been a day, so you’re leaving tomorrow?”

“It just happened that way.”

“Then, are your preparations for departure going well?”

“Yes.”

“You don’t need anything?”

“No.”

‘What in the world, why are his answers so short and insincere?’ Luisen was displeased. “There’s a lot you need to take. If you leave on such short notice, there’s bound to be some trouble.”

“……Did you come here just to talk about this? It’s already been decided,” Carlton replied testily, furrowing his eyebrows. His curt tone was the same as usual. However, Luisen noticed Carlton had turned his words around on him because he must have also been aware he was overdoing things.

‘That’s right. Two days was far too hasty. Why are you in such a hurry when even you realize this foolhardiness.’

There must be a reason; Luisen squinted his eyes and examined the mercenary. Carlton raised his chin slightly, as if to say, ‘What of it?’

“Did you check out the Vinard envoys’ stories?”

“No.”

“How about you send reconnaissance first for safety? You don’t know what danger may lie ahead.”

“I can’t afford that kind of leisure.”

“What would happen if you were to get attacked? You could encounter some weird occurrences like what happened to the Vinard men.”

“We’re prepared for an attack.”

Luisen was worried, but none of that seemed to make it through to the mercenary.

“If there’s a problem, I can solve it. If anyone attacks us, we’ll destroy them. That’s what we’ve been doing so far. There’s nothing that can block my path.” Carlton expressed absolute confidence in his ability to take matters into his own hands. His strength was overwhelming enough that nothing else could compare. His leadership was outstanding, his mind was quick, and he had a youthful spirit of determination, ready to solve anything in his way.

His arrogance was understandable, considering he rose to his position solely through his own abilities; but Luisen, who had already lived through his eventual downfall, was nervous.

Would Carlton’s situation be better compared to how it was before his regression?

Luisen was lost in thought.

The mercenary hadn’t done anything extreme, and his relationship with Luisen was good. The power that the south could have lost was preserved, and substantial spoils were obtained. But, that didn’t secure his future. There were still nobles who viewed Carlton as an eyesore as long as he retained the first prince’s trust.

During that time, Luisen had been busy being chased out by friends and relatives alike. Body trembling at the betrayal, he vowed revenge for the first time in life, completely out of his mind. Later, he had heard that Carlton was sent to the northwest to eradicate monsters and was kicked to the country’s peripheries.

At those thoughts, Luisen realized why Carlton was in such a rush.

“I see you’re trying to get back to the first prince’s side as soon as possible. Has something happened in the capital? Are they sending you to battle someplace else?”

“Where did you hear that?”

“No, I just guessed.” His guesses were based on past memories, but he could only vaguely explain himself because he couldn’t tell the truth.

“The duke’s brilliance surprises me once again.” Carlton was suddenly dispirited.

‘Who’s worried about who now?’ the mercenary thought. It felt foolish to ignore Ennis’ advice to not get tangled in the southern aristocracy’s fight and tell Luisen that the situation in the south was suspicious, especially with respect to what was happening in the capital.

He was worried about leaving Luisen here, where he had not a single ally; he had thought about asking the lord to go with him to the capital. When he saw Luisen’s fumbling form and his gullibility, his heart weakened, so he purposely avoided seeing him. But, all that effort was in vain.

No matter what, he was still a smart, wealthy great lord. Right now his prospects may have been gloomy, but his future was bright. Luisen was completely different from him–a small lantern in a windy field.

For a very short time, due to the extraordinary circumstances of the civil war, Carlton had the upper hand over Luisen. But he and Luisen were from two completely different worlds. Did that mean Luisen was safe no matter how many mistakes he may make, and that the mercenary would be in an unstable position no matter how many times he may win?

Could they meet again in the capital? He was not confident he would be able to hold out and stay in favor until Luisen arrived.

A long-held sense of inferiority wriggled and burned in Carlton’s stomach.

Not much would change in one or two days.

Luisen’s attitude was based on his pre-regression memories, but it didn’t seem quite so straightforward to Carlton. Carlton was nervous because he didn’t know how the prince’s mind may change as every minute–every second–passed, let alone one or two days.

“It’s not something the duke should be concerned with,” Carlton cleared his expression and said icily. His sharp, pointed, and somewhat aggressive tone pierced Luisen’s ears. “Have you forgotten? I’m here to occupy the duchy. Shouldn’t you, rather, be grateful for my quick departure?”

“That’s true, but…”

“If you’re done talking, then you should leave.”

With the driest of blessings, Luisen left the room despondently.

Disregarding whether or not others saw him, Luisen trudged away with concerned steps. Carlton’s men and several patrolling servants confronted him, asking why he had been in Carlton’s room, but Luisen only gave half-hearted answers.

Hadn’t they gotten too close to grasp at straws over their technical status as enemies?

On one hand, he was deeply saddened by Carlton’s remarks that drew a line between them; on the other hand, he understood his deep concerns over his troubling and precarious situation. Luisen realized why Carlton’s heart seemed so burdened ever since he’d announced he would leave soon. ‘He’s nervous…’

The same was true of Luisen, whose future was now uncertain.

Luisen truly thought he had done well after regression. Both the duchy and its citizens were safe, and he had been recognized by his retainers. His reputation in the south had also improved.

The duke had shown off both inside and outside the castle, so the risk of losing everything futilely, as had happened before regression, had disappeared. He assumed that if he maintained a duke’s dignity, even the first prince would not be able to mess with him very much.

Everything had gone well, but Luisen still held ambiguous feelings.

He’d done well so far. He’d changed a lot of things.

But that was the problem. With the knowledge of the future, he was able to overcome the crisis facing him well. In the future, however, Luisen would approach the unknown future step by step; there would be unknown crises. There would come a time when his knowledge of the future would be of no help. What was he supposed to do then?

Luisen had an optimistic temperament, but he was infinitely pessimistic about his own abilities.

‘What if I make the wrong choice again?’

During his trips back and forth to the village, Luisen had realized just how influential he was. Many people’s lives were controlled by his actions; a thoughtless judgment could destroy the lives which the ordinary citizens had built painstakingly and sincerely.





TL: Carlton canonically large

(Sorry, I have nothing particularly intelligent to say besides that.)





Chapter 40


Chapter 40



Guardian of the golden fields.

The title, which felt as lofty and hazy as a cloud, materialized in reality, gaining skin and eyes through the young lord. The weight of that title weighed heavier than ever on Luisen.

He’d made wrong decisions before, so was there any guarantee he wouldn’t mess things up again? There wasn’t. Luisen became miserable, caught up in vague fantasies of everything that could go wrong. Fear ate reason, pushing him into anxiety and depression–making it hard for him to think.

‘It’s not good to dwell like this….’ Luisen shook his head. ‘What did the saint say to do when one becomes depressed? He said to make the body exhausted.’

Luisen was a faithful believer and walked tirelessly through the palace halls, as if he believed that such continual pacing would end his anxiety.



****



Time flew by, and soon it became the day of Carlton’s departure.

With the sun dimly shining in the sky, it was even quieter than nighttime; the cold early morning air was icy. The preparations for departure had finally finished.

As soon as Carlton walked out, his men brought the horses. He patted at the horse’s glossy mane, checking its condition. They planned to make the long trip to the capital without stopping. Those who could not keep up with their captain’s speed would set off on a different path, earlier than the others.

In a way, he was more cautious going back to the capital than he was coming down south. Carlton had wondered if there was a need to go this far, but he was bothered to hear about the schemes that the south’s nobles were conspiring.

As Luisen had advised, he wished he could send an advance reconnaissance team, but he couldn’t afford that.

Carlton looked back at the duke’s castle.

It was an incredibly large and old building. He remembered how shocked he was to see such a grand building when he first arrived. Even then he was eager to leave even a day faster and return quickly; now that it was time to leave, he felt bittersweet. He had run into many headaches and annoyances here, but despite everything, he had been more comfortable here than anywhere else.

There was food all over the place; the skies were always clear and blued. He felt relaxed and merciful just looking at the open fields. Perhaps this was why the southerners were so relaxed and complacent: living their whole lives in places like this, there must not have been much to worry about.

‘This is the last I’ll be here; maybe I should have said my proper goodbyes.’ Regrets still lingered in him. However, it was already time to leave.

“Let’s go,” Carlton said.

“Yes.”

At Carlton’s order, everyone mounted their horses. Just as Carlton mounted his horse, a glistening head of hair popped out of the castle through the early morning fog. It was Luisen.

“Ah, what a relief. You haven’t left yet.”

Carlton was surprised by the lord’s unexpected appearance. “I thought we decided that send offs were unnecessary?” His tone was rough but curiously soft.

“Ah, I wanted to ask you for a favor with this.” Luisen held out a small package and a letter. Carlton looked down at his outstretched hands without taking it. “When you get to the capital, would you please hand this to Marquis Natrang?”

“Wasn’t Marquis Natrang the former commander-in-chief?”

“That’s right. Though he’s just a retired man now.”

“Even though he may be retired, the Marquis wouldn’t deign to meet with a man like me.”

“If you use my name, you’ll be able to meet him. Please say it’s a belated birthday present and make sure to give it to him.”

“Did you run out of the castle just for this?”

“It just crossed my mind a moment ago.”

Carlton creased his brows. It felt too forced, remembering an acquaintance’s birthday present all of a sudden and insisting on Carlton as his messenger. After all, now the duke could send one of his own men. That would reflect better on his image.

Heedless of Carlton’s thoughts, Luisen quickly continued, “Marquis Natrang is an ill-tempered but romantic old man. He’ll kindly view your warrior-like spirit and temperament. When you go to the capital, search out people like him–those who know the horrors of the battlefield and will value your reckless ambition the most.”

“Then, this is…”

The gift and the letter were an excuse to give Carlton a chance to meet the Marquis. Carlton, who made the largest contributions in the war but had the worst reputation, had no title or land to his name. If he wanted to meet somelike like Marquis Natrang, he’d have to make use of Duke Anies’ handwritten letter.

In reality, it was a gift to Carlton. The mercenary never thought he’d receive such a parting gift; he looked at him suspiciously. “Why are you helping me?”

Considering his actions, Carlton would have nothing to say to defend himself if Luisen held a grudge against him. When his temper ran out of control, he behaved awfully with the young lord.

“Who knows,” Luisen said.

The young lord spent all night thinking and ran out to hand him a present–and all Carlton had to give in return were his doubts.

""



That was so like Carlton, Luisen couldn’t help but smile. Last night, after talking to Carlton, Luisen had been locked down by his anxieties and kept thinking about him. Carlton’s rush to leave also tugged at his mind.

‘Why?’ He searched for the reason, but was only able to reach a conclusion just a while ago.

“I want you to be successful,” Luisen said.

Before regression, Luisen and Carlton had both made wrong decisions in the Anies duchy. Carlton was still a troubling existence for Luisen, but he hoped, nevertheless, that Carlton too would face a different future.

After all, if his future changes, won’t Luisen’s future change as well?

It was an irrational and superstitious belief–and their future had nothing to do with each other–but Luisen would feel at peace if the other lived his best life. He had to give an excuse, create some pretext to hide that he had been running around all night, to hide his ridiculous logic.

“Hurry and take it.” Luisen forced the package into Carlton’s hands. The mercenary stared blankly at Luisen while holding the package.

Carlton had never heard something so shameless in his entire life. No one–no parents, brothers, nor friends–had said something like that to him. ‘Really…There’s people like him in the world?’

He received another blow from Luisen; the young lord was really a man who exceeded expectations till the end.

Carlton’s heart pounded violently. His pulse raced, chills traveled up his spine, and his face felt flushed with heat.

The sounds in the background seemed to grow further away; everything except Luisen was erased. It felt like he and the lord were the only ones left in the world. All of his senses were directed on Luisen.

Luisen’s blue eyes wandered the air before refocusing on Carlton; the wind tousled his hair. The mercenary’s eyes couldn’t help but look at the slight movement of his hair and the pale red of his blush. Luisen’s low laugh, hiding his embarrassment, shook his heart.

‘Why am I like this? Why is my heart racing so suddenly? Am I just shocked?’ Carlton was confused.

At that moment, Carlton’s men called out to him, “Captain.”

As if someone had poured cold water on him, Carlton came to his senses; his men and Luisen looked at him strangely.

“We have to leave.”

“I’ve held up someone who has a long road ahead of him, it seems. Have a safe trip.”

Carlton almost blurted out that he was fine, to continue to take up his time. Fortunately, or unfortunately, logic returned and he chose the appropriate words carefully. His goodbyes. “……Yes. Take care of yourself too, Duke.”

Luisen ran back into the castle afterwards. Somehow the growing distance between him and the lord’s retreating back was so bittersweet; Carlton couldn’t take his eyes off of him. Only when Luisen closed the door did he manage to remount his horse and set off. And even then, again and again, he would look back in regret, but he was unable to stop his horse.



*****



Luisen woke up in the middle of the day after making up for the loss of sleep the night before. Carlton and his men had disappeared neatly, without a trace.

Luisen had returned to the lord’s chamber, which had been turned over to Carlton. Not one echo of the mercenary remained in the tidy room. The cleanliness was all thanks to the butler and the servants who worked hard to prepare the room for Luisen, but the emptiness felt somehow unfamiliar. Luisen stared blankly at his desk for a while.

The entire castle was in a festive mood; it was their long-awaited liberation day.

No more monitoring of the people in the castle; no more restrictions on their actions. The displeasure of watching strangers walk around the castle as if it were their own home had ended. There was no longer a need to walk on thin ice with bated breaths.

The wide open front gates were like the symbol of the end of hardship. Those who were looking forward to the official opening cheered. As if it were waiting on the other side, a cart carrying wheat came in; families and lovers who had been separated due to unavoidable circumstances reunited in tears.

Under a clear autumn sky, the people’s laughter spread around the town.

Carlton, famous for his cruelty, brought forth a dismal mood of death when the duchy fell under his control, but now that he had left, the duchy had not lost much. Few people had died and the castle’s infrastructure remained intact.

With this situation, public opinion, those who were previously mocking Luisen’s surrender, had also been turned on its head. He became known as the clever lord who had gained much by putting aside his pride. They had praised the Duke of Anies as one who was adaptable and able to modernize.

Without paying attention to how the people gossiped, Luisen led a busy life.

He had to collect taxes, run delayed trials, and return the administrative structure to normal. The other southern lords would probably send men for their own safety and spying, so he had to prepare to deal with them. Before, Luisen might have left this work to his retainers, but he, with the intent to learn, slowly made some progress in his duties.

He just had to try.

He had been so nervous before Carlton had left, but as the days passed, his anxiety diminished.

‘As the saint said, humans are fascinating individuals–when a crisis approaches, they will do whatever it takes.’ Luisen once again praised the saint’s wisdom.





TL: The end of an arc~ I do find it fascinating how the dynamic has changed between the two and how the power struggle has shifted.

Also, a note for those that aren’t in the discord, I’ll be going on a vacation for 11 days, so my updates will be more sporadic. I won’t stop, but I might also have less time to TL!





Chapter 41


Chapter 41



After a few hectic days, a man carrying a flag bearing the blue lion arrived at the castle. He was a knight named Godric, claiming to be a messenger from the first prince. Luisen had also seen this man a few times around the royal palace.

Luisen greeted him personally; the man seemed incredibly exhausted. “Did you travel all the way here from the royal palace without taking a break? You look very tired.”

“Not at all. I had stopped by Count Dubless’ estate on the way here and rested. However, I got lost in the woods and got into a fight with a swarm of monsters.”

“Just where did you wander to for you to encounter monsters?” The road through the woods was familiar to Luisen; there was little chance for him to stumble into a monster encampment.

“I don’t know either. It was incredibly foggy in the forest. So, I lost my way and wandered for a long while.”

Fog?

When he mentioned the fog, Luisen was reminded of the thick fog that the Vinard envoy reported. The main road to Vinard was far from the forest–and fog was a common weather occurrence there as well–so the two may have been unrelated. However, he felt discomfited.

‘Is Carlton going to be okay?’ Luisen was worried for the man, but for now, he had to deal with an envoy in the present; he shoved the worry to the back of his mind.

“It seems you’ve suffered on your journey here. What brings you here?”

“I bring a message from my prince to the duke.” Despite the tired lines on his face, Godric pepped up and delivered the first prince’s message. The content was quite simple, if one were to cut out the lengthy wordiness as required by etiquette.

“He desires my presence in the capital? Right now?”

“Yes. I sympathize with the current messy state of affairs, but we thought it would be more secure for you to arrive alongside Sir Carlton. Come to think of it, where is Sir Carlton?”

“He…already left….”

“Huh? I hadn’t heard about that.” This was a large setback for Sir Godrick. “Has it been long since he left?”

“It’s been a few days…”

“…That’s a shame. He’ll probably already be far on his way. What should we do?” Godric contemplated for a while before proposing something else, “I’ll leave before the duke and ask Sir Carlton to turn around. In the meantime, please prepare yourself for the journey.”



“Well…I’m a bit busy currently with the internal estate affairs. I’ll send a representative.”

Godric was flustered when Luisen flatly refused. Luisen Anies rejected a trip to the capital? But the lord seemed sincere. Godric observed his surroundings before carefully leaning towards Luisen, whispering, “Our majesty is in poor health.”

“He’s always been in poor health.”

“It seems that this time it’s quite serious.”

Luisen’s expression froze. The situation had changed. If the king was truly in critical condition, Luisen had to go to the capital. It was his duty and right as a great lord to nominate the next king and prepare for the coronation. “Do the other great lords know of the king’s critical condition?”

“No.”

“I see. If that’s the case, then I must go.” Luisen ordered a servant to guide Godric to rest. He then called in the retainers that were waiting outside.

“The prince is asking me to come to the capital,” Luisen said.

“Is that the reason for the messenger’s visit?”

“Yes. The public excuse will be to discuss the repatriation of prisoners of war. However, the reality is that the king is gravely ill.” Luisen nodded.

“…It seems that the prince is asking you to prepare for the next era.”

“Are all the other great lords gathering at the capital?”

“Not yet. It seems I was the first one he’s called.”

“Hmm…Then the first prince must have other issues he’d like to discuss with my lord,” the general pointed out sharply.

“…Doesn’t it feel a bit suspicious?” the treasurer questioned. The knight commander agreed.

“That’s right. It’s strange that the messenger arrived as soon as Carlton departed. And saying how he wandered around in the forest because of fog and monsters. That doesn’t happen very often.”

The retainers had a point. Luisen also inwardly held suspicions about the situation because of all of these strange coincidences. “But all we have are suspicions. That’s no excuse to disobey the words of the king.”

“Yes. Of course.”

“Ha, I thought we’d be able to finally take care of the estate business…” the treasurer lamented.

Luisen and his retainers talked more afterwards, but everyone concluded that the lord had to go to the capital. “If there’s anything I need to do in the capital, please let me know in advance. I’ll need to settle some credit while I finish my business there.”

“Yes.”

“And if the king dies…I’ll have to stay for quite a while in order to prepare for the coronation. I’ll have to trouble the general with the work, as I have done before.”

“Not at all. My lord, you have more important things to do.”

Luisen had tried to concentrate on his lordly duties, but even that plan fell apart. He had never been so reluctant to return to the capital.

“The messenger said he spent a few days in the woods, right? Then you must hurry. We do not know how the conditions of the area have deteriorated by now.”

“That’s true. I’m sure you’re busy, but I’ll have to rush you all,” Luisen said.

“It can’t be helped. We’re more worried about your escort than anything else. The number of knights still left in the estate are…”

“Ah, don’t worry about that. The messenger said they would depart ahead of us and call for Sir Carlton.”

“Carlton?” The general was startled at his words. This was true of the other retainers.

“Why, of all people, would they call that son of a bitch again? I’d rather you take all the knights in this land!”

“I’ll follow you instead.”

“Traveling alone to the capital with a scoundrel like him? Absolutely not!”

Luisen was mystified.

Was this truly something that required them to protest so vehemently–blood veins popping out in their necks?

“Don’t worry. Sir Carlton will be good to me. He’s not such a rude person.”

“It’ll be an issue for him to be *good* to you!” The chancellor couldn’t exactly explain in detail because he was worried it would be too shocking for Luisen. The older man was angry and his chest felt incredibly stuffy. He didn’t live to such an old age to see something like this!!

At any rate, despite how the retainers felt, Godric would, after his break, leave to call upon Carlton. The road they’d take would be the same, so they should meet halfway.

Luisen began preparing to head for the capital.

Preparing for this type of trip was no ordinary business. Usually, he brought the servants, attendants, and knights attached to Luisen’s personal detail; with Luisen’s luggage and the luggage of his escort detail combined, it wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say an entire mansion would be moving. This time, he had to hurry more than before, so he reduced the detail and omitted a lot. However, he still had much to pack. Putting his chief attendant in charge of the journey, Ruger became incredibly busy.

Luisen thought that Ruger would like this change, since he begged and begged to return to the capital; but now that the hour had arrived, he didn’t seem so pleased. His chattiness decreased, and it seemed that a lot was on his mind.

‘What’s wrong with him?’ Ruger’s behavior bothered Luisen, but he had too much to do before he left for the capital. Luisen couldn’t afford to also ask after the concerns in Ruger’s heart. He discussed with the retainers the work that was needed to be done in the estate during his absence, the work to be done at the capital, and the necessity to watch one’s conduct in front of others.

It was not long before Luisen left his estate.



*****



The carriage drove without a hitch along the far-reaching straight stretch of the road. No matter how much they traveled and traveled, there was no end to the vast fields next to the roads. Then, when it was time to rest for meals, they stopped and ate; at night, they slept in nearby villages.

""



The villagers remained calm despite the appearance of the lord and his retinue because this was the road that Luisen often took on his journeys between the capital and the duchy. The journey started with a great deal of frustration, but the road was surprisingly smooth.

Luisen laid a book on his lap and looked out of the window. The wind blew gently; he could hear the sounds of his knights’ conversations. At first, they were so nervous that they kept quiet, busy being wary of the surrounding areas, but as time went on and the plains continued without any problems, joking commenced.

A boring, sluggish atmosphere enveloped the party.

Luisen turned his head and looked at Ruger. Ruger was lost in thought, gaze far away. He used to sing about his desires to return, but Ruger seemed distracted throughout the entire trip.

“How much longer do we have?”

“A little further and we’ll be out of the duchy.”

As soon as Luisen asked, Ruger answered. When Luisen stretched his neck out of the window, looking straight at the horse, he saw a small forest in the distance. “I see there’s still a long way to go.”

“If you’re drowsy, please go to sleep.”

“No, if I sleep now, I won’t be able to sleep tonight.” Luisen yawned and leaned his head against the wall of the carriage; his eyelids became heavy. Ruger covered Luisen with a thin blanket and neatly arranged his hair. The touch seemed quite affectionate, and Luisen was soon falling asleep.

“Just go to sleep. If you sleep, the journey will be finished soon.”

It wouldn’t be that fast, Luisen tried to say, but he was so very sleepy. Luisen’s eyes closed.



***



“My lord!”

Screams and cries awoke Luisen with a start–there was a commotion outside.

‘What’s this?’ What had happened while he briefly closed his eyes?

He couldn’t even see Ruger within the carriage.

When Luisen opened the carriage door, the weather was foggy enough to make it hard to see an inch ahead, even in the middle of the day. Wolf-like monsters were attacking the party–Direwolves.

‘Why are there Direwolves here?’ This road was frequently used by travelers, so monsters were regularly exterminated here. It was not a place where Direwolves would often come out in throes like this. Although individually they weren’t that powerful, in a throng the wolves become difficult and dangerous through group strategies.

Dozens of pairs of red eyes could be seen through the fog.

‘Awoooooooooo.’ The Direwolves’ cries echoed through the air. Then, they all looked at the carriage in unison.





TL: Sorry for the later updates~ I’m still in vacation >.< 1 more week to go~





Chapter 42


Chapter 42



Luisen closed the carriage door and hid inside. At times like this, it was better for someone weak like him to be holed up somewhere instead of getting in the way of those more talented than him–staying still would help the knights.

“Protect the lord!”

“Form a defensive line around the carriage!”

It was a sudden ambush that no one had expected; furthermore, the fog was so thick that they could not even see an inch ahead of their noses. Still, the knights moved as they were trained, in perfect synchronization, to protect Luisen.

But the fog was too thick to cope with the monsters’ attacks. On the other hand, the direwolves attacked the knights as if the fog weren’t an issue.

Their formation collapsed in an instant. A direwolf broke through the line of knights and hit the carriage; the carriage fell on its side.

“Argh!” Luisen slipped to the side alongside the carriage. Simultaneously, he hit his head on the seats; his head felt dizzy–the hit ringing through his brain. Meanwhile, the direwolf ripped off the carriage door.

“This mongrel bastard, how dare it!” A knight staked the direwolf with a spear, but three other direwolves rushed into the carriage. One bit at the knight’s arm, and another grabbed onto Luisen with its maw. Somehow, they seemed to be aiming to capture the young lord.

Luisen swung his book wildly. “Get away!”

Luisen was resisting in his own way, but the monster would not retreat. Gripping onto Luisen’s leg, they crawled out of the carriage; the direwolves’ sharp teeth dug into his calf.

“Ahhh!!”

“My lord!”

After being dragged out, he could see that the situation outside was, to put it nicely, in shambles. Through the thick fog, he could see direwolves unilaterally attacking his escorts. One person collapsed with a scream, red blood splattering everywhere.

‘Where did all these direwolves come from?’

Even the thick fog surrounding his party seemed unusual.

The fog.

This fog continued to be a problem, throughout the Vinard envoys’ and the first prince’s messenger.

The direwolves gave Luisen no time to think calmly. One of them bit Luisen’s cape and began to run away. Luisen struggled, but he was not good enough to escape from the monsters; he was dragged along. The areas where the direwolf bit were swept along the ground, chafing and bringing great pain.

The cape strangled the lord, suffocating him and making him dizzy. The direwolf dragged Luisen up the hillside; though it nimbly avoided all obstacles, Luisen was not nearly so lucky. He was hit by various branches and stones. It felt as if his bones had broken, and his flesh was torn, bleeding profusely.

“Nnngh” Luisen was flung and hit his head on the ground and had to swallow rising nausea. He tried to curl up and cough.

The direwolves didn’t approach the lord. Instead, they stayed at a certain distance, circling around him; they growled a warning as soon as Luisen raised his head.

‘What do they want me to do?’ Luisen’s mouth felt parched. A wolf the size of the carriage was horrifyingly glaring at him. Its big fangs seemed ready to bite him at any moment. He was completely suppressed by the monster’s bloodlust and couldn’t move.

But, even in the midst of fear, he noticed something strange. There were only two reasons for monsters to attack humans: their territory had been invaded, or they were trying to grab a meal.

""



Direwolves were quite clever for a monster, but they were still monsters in the end. There was no reason to capture a human alive and throw him in some empty clearing to…appreciate him? Luisen had heard that direwolves would intentionally save weak prey to teach their young to hunt, but he couldn’t see the pups anywhere.

‘What’s going on?’ Luisen was incredibly puzzled. What was with the fog, and what was with these monsters’ strange behavior?

At that moment, he could hear the sound of footsteps. A human’s footsteps.

A familiar face quietly emerged from amongst the thick bushes.

‘Ruger!’ Elated to see him, Luisen almost called out to him. But he managed to shut his mouth, unwilling to bring attention to his attendant’s approach. ‘He’s come to rescue me!’

Luisen was so happy to see Ruger–he was driven to tears. He had been wondering where his attendant had vanished!

But Luisen’s pleased feelings did not last long: Ruger was alone.

No matter how talented Ruger was with swordsmanship for a servant, Luisen knew he wasn’t capable enough to deal with ten direwolves alone. If he had that kind of ability, he would have become a knight and not an attendant.

In other words, the situation had not changed much even if Ruger had arrived.

‘Damn. If it were Carlton who appeared instead…’

The first prince’s messenger had set out first to contact Carlton, but there was still no news on that front. If he had known this would happen, he would have insisted on travelling with Carlton–how regretful.

“My duke.”

Luisen panicked when Ruger called out to him. ‘I thought you were sneaking up to stab the monsters in the back; what’s the use if you call out to me?’

Ruger did not even try to hide his approach; he stalked closer to Luisen with great dignity.

His poise was so strange.

‘That punk, why is he so calm?’ The master he was in charge of was surrounded by monsters, at the brink of having his limbs torn apart. It would be normal for Ruger’s face to express anxiety, tension, or urgency…but the attendant looked nonchalant.

It felt as if he viewed this situation as nothing unusual. He didn’t even look at the direwolves. How could he be so indifferent when he didn’t know when they would jump on him, tearing at his neck? He looked as if he was sure he wouldn’t be attacked.

At least, that’s not how the Ruger Luisen knew would have acted. He would have been alarmed to see his master in danger and rushed in to save him. Though he may have been arrogant to others, he was still Luisen’s devoted servant.

Come to think of it, he looked different from usual. Ruger’s pale face was stiff as a corpse. His unique, silly aura gave way to something more sleek–well defined and sharp, like a sword. His red-colored armor matched well with his red hair–for those who did not recognize him, he may have seemed like a famous knight who had lived his life without knowing setbacks. At first glance, anyone could see that it was far too good an armor for a servant.

It was possible for Ruger to have owned good armor. After all, the salary Luisen had paid him was quite considerable. But, the issue was he was far too well-dressed. This monster attack was something no one had expected; however, wearing the armor caused a sense of disharmony, as if he had predicted conflict.

‘Don’t tell me, he knew the monsters were going to attack?’ His mouth was dry as a desert. An ominous, foreboding sensation passed chillingly through Luisen’s spine.

‘No, that’s not possible.’ Luisen vehemently denied it. With all his might, he hoped that his hunch was wrong. It was Ruger. Before regression, he’d protected Luisen until his final moments, blocking Carlton from capturing him. Such a devoted servant couldn’t possibly attack him.

The reality at hand was brutal. Ominous hunches were never wrong.

As Ruger approached, the direwolves retreated, wagging their tails like a dog. They laid their heads on the ground and opened a path for the attendant, avoiding his path as if they were dealing with a very frightening and difficult being.

‘Nothing is…making any sense?’

Luisen had never heard of monsters obeying people. However, it was clearly not the time to debate the plausibility of such submission. Luisen witnessed everything clearly: the direwolves were following Ruger. If so, it would be prudent to assume that the direwolves dragging the lord to this empty clearing was actually Ruger’s idea.

“…Bastard, what are you doing?” Luisen glared at him.

Ruger whistled in admiration. “I thought you’d be bawling and sobbing, but you’re actually quite calm? You don’t seem surprised either.”

“…How can I cry when I’m so dumbfounded. What are you going to do now that you’ve kidnapped me; who bought you out?” Luisen guessed that Ruger wasn’t acting alone. No matter how pathetic, there were only four great lords in this country. For fear of consequences, he must not be acting alone.

“That’s strange. How can you say such smart things?”

“Did you think I was an idiot?”

“No, you truly are an idiot; I know the duke better than anyone else. The duke is not the kind of person who can keep calm under these circumstances.” Surprisingly, Ruger spoke like usual–a mixture of cheek and politeness.

Luisen was rather horrified to see him act no different from before.

“Thoughtlessness and complacency were the duke’s greatest strengths…Why did you change so suddenly?” Ruger pressed a scratch on Luisen’s face with his gloved hand. Then, very gently, he rubbed at it. The touch of cold leather, brushing over the wound, felt so foreign. “You’ve hurt yourself. I didn’t want to be this extreme; I wanted to remain your faithful servant until the very end. If you had just run away with me that night, you wouldn’t have been hurt like this.”

“What?” Luisen had no choice but to interject. Just what was he saying right now? All of his memories of Ruger were shattered and slowly pieced together to reassemble that night, pre-regression.

Back then, Luisen fled the estate. Everything needed to escape–the escape path, the method, the supplies–were all prepared by Ruger.

‘Did I ever order him to prepare to flee?’





TL: I’m finally back from vacation!!! I’ll be slowly going back to a more regular schedule…maybe….

In anycase, a lot has happened. I so wanted to respond ‘ :3 ‘ at everyone who said they were suspicious of Ruger. And I won’t lie, I laughed when Ruger was like “No, you’re definitely an idiot”.





Chapter 43


Chapter 43





Luisen did not order any of it. He did not refute Ruger’s suggestion to escape but instead accepted at face value that he should leave immediately. That’s why he was just dragged alongside Ruger. It was stupid, it was passive, and it was definitely something Luisen would have done before regression.

Who was the first to whisper to him that he should run away from Carlton? It was Ruger. It was Ruger who terrorized Luisen by delivering such terrible rumors to his ears.

At the time, Luisen was terrified, so overwhelmed by the first serious crisis of his life that he couldn’t make proper judgments. Besides, Luisen was originally quite passive and wouldn’t do anything on his own anyway.

Would he have thought of running away from the estate without Ruger?

For the first time, Luisen questioned the events of that night. He chose to run away under the cover of darkness, but could he really say that was purely his will?

After sifting quickly through his tumultuous thoughts, Luisen could only utter one thing, “Why?”

Why would he do that? Luisen trusted Ruger as his chief attendant. The other could kill or kidnap Luisen at any time he wished. Why would he entice Luisen to leave the duchy on his own? Why would he go through all that trouble?

Suddenly, he thought back to when he first hired Ruger.

It was about five years ago. At that time, Luisen had a senior servant carefully handpicked by the general after a strict screening. Then one day, a carriage accident suddenly injured the chief attendant; the new hire was temporarily conscripted through nearby networks.

It was a temporary job in the first place–and Luisen stayed alone in the capital–so he just haphazardly chose anyone he liked. That was Ruger.

Ruger acted as Luisen’s tongue and taught him many fun games. As time went on, the return of the original chief attendant was postponed and Ruger stayed by his side.

There were many employees around the young lord, and they showed up and left for a variety of reasons. Luisen was used to the constant ephemerance of his retinue, so he didn’t care much that the original chief servant never appeared again, nor that Ruger took his position as if that were the natural order of the world.

Luisen had only thought, ‘At least I have a funny servant this time.’ Luisen might have forgotten Ruger if he had not died on his behalf before regression.

‘Wait a minute. Ruger died for me before regression. Did he truly die?’ What kind of spy would die for his prey?

‘Then what? Was his death a lie too?’

The back of his head ached. Ruger, who he believed had died on his behalf, was actually a spy and intentionally pushed his master face-first into the mire.

The feeling of betrayal shook through him; his attendant’s meticulousness was frightening.

“Who’s behind you? For what reason did you do this to me?” In the previous timeline, Luisen fell into Ruger’s trap and walked the road of ruin and collapse.

“Does the man behind this wish not for my death but my downfall?”

At Luisen’s words, Ruger gave a disappointed look. “I’ve betrayed you and that’s all you’re curious about?”

“Then what else do you want?”

“Something like ‘why I betrayed the duke.'”

“Why should I care about that?”

“You’re really…how fitting of a duke. I like my duke’s arrogance. A great lord should be like that.” Strangely enough, Ruger sounded admiring to Luisen’s ears. Ruger had often said it, but it felt dirty to hear the same things in this situation. “Now, enough talk.” Ruger took out a tough strap of leather and tied Luisen’s hands and feet.

Luisen thought about rebelling but desisted. The back of his head tingled; he could make neither head nor tail of the situation and its progression, but his long-standing wandering mentality allowed him to postpone the shock and judge the chances of survival coolly.

Something behind the scenes seemed to be trying to craft a story or embellish something by sparing Luisen’s life. He had no strength to run away on his own; if he got hurt for no reason while rebelling, it would only be a disadvantage to him.

If he disappeared, everyone in the duchy would mobilize themselves to find him. It would be more beneficial to calmly pretend to follow while leaving some clues behind.

While Luisen was wracking his brains, Ruger pulled out a medicinal vial and placed it underneath Luisen’s nose: a sleeping scent. 1 “Sleep–you’ll arrive at your destination soon.”

The scent smelled simultaneously floral yet disgusting. As the smell continued to assault his nose, the young lord began to feel dizzy and sleepy.

‘Ah, wait. This..isn’t…good……’ Luisen shook his head; his eyelids became heavy, and his body began to droop.

It was then, in the distance, horse hooves could be heard rushing closer, and a short spear flew towards Ruger

“Nngh!” Ruger cut at the spear but couldn’t resist the power the shortspear held; he stumbled back. Carlton followed shortly behind.

“Duke!” He instantly beheaded three direwolves that rushed at him. A normal person couldn’t handle the sudden movements of several wild dogs, let alone monsters, but the direwolves’ giant body split in two; the sight of both halves falling away was bizarre enough to make the lord want to faint.

Between the monsters’ attacks, Ruger swung his sword at the mercenary, which was blocked without much difficulty. Carlton looked at Ruger and said, without facing Luisen behind him, “This punk is the duke’s servant, right? What’s going on with these monsters?”

Luisen couldn’t answer his question. Luisen’s spirit, which barely endured the sleeping scent, was exhausted from the blatant bloody cruelty.

Carlton observed Ruger, Luisen–who had fainted–and the direwolves around them.

After he’d left the duchy, he’d galloped like a mad man, trying to forget the lingering attachment he had for the duke. Frustratingly, he could not move as quickly as he wished, for the group carried a lot of luggage. Suddenly, though, the first prince’s messenger had followed behind and relayed to him the order to escort Luisen to the capital.

Looking at the sky and the field, he was consumed with the thoughts of Luisen’s visage, so the sudden change in plans was a windfall. He quickly turned around and went back the way he came on the road. He didn’t even take notice of whether or not his men followed. He traveled fast and thought he would soon come upon the duke’s party, but instead he arrived to see Luisen being dragged away by the direwolves.

He never imagined such a reunion; why was Luisen in danger every time he saw him?

Carlton rushed after the young lord–that was the current situation. He’d roughly grasped what had happened.

‘He was a spy all this time, and he’s controlling these monsters.’ He had no idea how the other was controlling the monsters, but Ruger’s betrayal came as no surprise to Carlton.

“You son of a bitch, I’ve been suspicious of you for a long while.”

“A subject knows nothing of the heavens. It’s not your business to interfere.”

“What do you mean ‘not my business?’ It’s my duke’s business.” Carlton fixed his grip on his sword and blocked the way in front of Luisen. Ruger glared at the mercenary with piercing eyes; he glimpsed bloodthirst and deep grudge within. The way Ruger held the sword and his aura were all unusual.

“You seem sharp for an attendant –you must have been hiding your skills.” If Carlton was ignorant until now, that meant Ruger’s swordsmanship was excellent. The desire to win boiled within the mercenary; Carlton was always thrilled to win against strong opponents. Even more so when his opponent was one who had always condescended him.

However Luisen was behind Carlton. It may have been fine if he were alone, but it was dangerous to fight while protecting another. Furthermore, he had a hunch that these monsters would run away with the young lord if he started combating Ruger.

Then, there was only one thing Carlton could do.

‘Let’s run.’

Quick judgement made, Carlton immediately acted. He flung his sword at Ruger. In an effort to stop the mercenary movements on his horse, Ruger sidestepped the sword and attacked Carlton’s horse. Simultaneously, the direwolves attacked Luisen.

It was all as Carlton expected. Carlton quickly dismounted his horse so that it could more easily avoid Ruger’s attack. Then, he quickly ran to Luisen and slashed at the approaching direwolf’s neck.

A gap formed in the wolves’ formation; Carlton held Luisen in his arms and threw himself through that crack. Cleverly, Carlton’s horse followed its owner, briefly slowing down and allowing the mercenary to mount.

First, he slung Luisen onto the horse, and then Carlton mounted.

“Do you really think I’ll let you run away!?” After realizing he had been tricked, Ruger roared. Carlton didn’t think the other could catch up; after all, he had no horse. But, something unexpected happened. Ruger climbed on top of a direwolf and began to chase them.

‘Monsters allow people to ride upon their backs?’

He wouldn’t have believed it if he hadn’t seen such a scene with his own eyes. The more he saw, the more unbelievable it was.

The hunt took place on the hillside; the terrain presented an overwhelming disadvantage for Carlton. The horse could hardly speed up because of the many obstacles and underbrush. On the other hand, the direwolf ran around the hillside as if it were in its own territory. Over and over again, the wolf’s teeth nipped at the horse.

Ruger swung a long spear; Carlton ducked by flattening his body. The timing was right for a counterattack, but he couldn’t afford to attack–not while holding the reins with one hand and Luisen with the other.

‘We’re all going to die if this continues.’ Carlton desperately wracked his brain. With his sharp senses, he detected the fishy smell of water and the sound of a waterfall.

‘Direwolves are weak in water.’ Carlton made his decision. He stroked the horse’s neck. “I’m sorry. I don’t think I can take care of you too. Survive on your own.”

Carlton galloped faster. Then, analyzing the perfect moment, he took out a dagger and threw it at the direwolf. Carlton’s aim was accurate; the blade dug precisely into its eye socket.

Carlton’s body, however, tilted from throwing that dagger. Because of that, Carlton’s horse staggered as well. The direwolves, excellent hunters in their own rights, did not miss that opportunity.

Carton hugged Luisen tightly and threw himself in the direction he had scoped earlier.

Below was a distant waterfall.

The direwolves, who leapt to attack the mercenary, floundered in the air in bewilderment; however, it was too late for them to return to safe ground. Following Carlton and Luisen, several direwolves fell down and were trapped in the waterfall.

Splash!

Ruger, who had followed belatedly, looked down the cliff. Carlton and Luisen had already disappeared beneath the white bubbles.

“How dare that peasant bastard……” Ruger’s anger erupted like a volcano; he beat the direwolf he was riding to death. Even though one of their kin was brutally murdered, the remaining wolves simply watched, trembling.

Soon after, Ruger finished venting and left to search the base of the waterfall. The fog lifted and the hills returned to its tranquil state, as if nothing had happened. Even the cries of the injured horse, calling after its lost owner, were quietly buried under the roar of the waterfall.





* * *





TL: Nooo!!! The horse!!!





Footnotes




like chloroform etc





Chapter 44


Chapter 44

Part 5: Separately or Together



Drip drip drip.

The sound of falling water droplets echoed in the distance. The sound, which at first was very faint but slowly came closer, shook Luisen’s eardrums, arousing his consciousness.

The cold air that leeched the heat from his back was so cold, and on the other hand, the warmth on the other side was so intense that he inadvertently dug deeper into that embrace. He opened his eyes; Luisen realized someone was hugging him.

In front of him was someone’s naked chest–a solid wall. It was a very attractive chest, but why was this the first thing he saw after waking?

Luisen rolled his eyes around. He was held close, hugged by someone, so he couldn’t see the other’s face just through his wandering gaze. The man’s body temperature clung onto and warmed Luisen’s tightly cradled arms and legs.

It had been a long time since he’d woken up staring at an unfamiliar chest, but the situation wasn’t unfamiliar to him. Having lived as trash, he knew that the other would make a fuss if he were to startle; so, he tried to calmly raise himself up. However, the other was faster.

“Have you woken up?”

This voice belonged to Carlton. Carlton, after Luisen woke, had awoken himself. Luisen sat up quickly; at his sudden movement, the leather cape covering the two slipped off. Luisen’s gaze crept towards Carlton’s lower body.

Carlton was wearing pants; Luisen was only wearing underwear but was not completely naked.

‘Ah, what a relief.’ Luisen glanced at Carlton’s face, while thoughts flashed through his mind. “What in the world happened?”

Luisen straightened up and looked around; they were in a very long and narrow cave. The fishy smell of water, soil, and a slight stench of animals were mixed together. The two of them were alone in this cave.

“Where are we? Why are you…embracing me?” the young lord asked.

“Do you remember what happened?”

“I can remember up until I fainted.”

Monsters had attacked out of nowhere from the fog. Ruger turned out to be a spy, and he had fainted with Carlton’s sudden appearance. Everything was vivid.

“After that, I grabbed you, Duke, and ran away. After leaving our hunters behind, I discovered and entered a cave.”

“……And our clothes?”

“Because we jumped into a waterfall, they got soaked. They’re drying over there.”

“You…jumped into a waterfall?”

Waterfall? Did he just hear something crazy…?

Looking where Carlton pointed, Luisen could see their clothes. As he had said, they were damp. “You really jumped….”

Although he was unconscious then and had no memory of that incident, Luisen felt dizzy just imagining it. ‘What would make him think of jumping into a waterfall? I’m alive after all that?’

Carlton misunderstood Luisen’s silence and continued his explanation, “It couldn’t be helped since core body temperature will decrease when you wear wet clothes. And if we light a fire, those bastards may chase us down. But it would be folly to spend all night naked, so I embraced you.”

Carlton was vehemently claiming that not even his fingertips held a black heart or ulterior motives. “There was no other choice. Truly.”

“I understand. This situation is the cause. You must have had a hard time.”

He didn’t need to explain himself; Luisen wouldn’t have misunderstood. After all, Carlton wouldn’t have designs on him like that.

“Yes……” Carlton seemed embarrassed by Luisen’s straightforward answer.

“And the others?”

“I don’t know anything about that. I was too busy running away with you.”

“…….I see.”

There were knights in the escorting party, but there were far more noncombatants whose duty was to attend to Luisen’s life. Could those people have avoided the monsters’ teeth flying towards them from places hidden by the fog?

When Luisen was dragged out of the carriage by the direwolves, he could hear, even in that short hectic moment, people screaming both close by and in the distance. It wasn’t hard to imagine what might have happened to the party. More than a few people probably died. Feeling nauseous, Luisen tightly closed his mouth.

The fact that this was all caused by Ruger tore at Luisen’s chest. He pretended to be calm, like he felt nothing in front of Ruger, but that couldn’t be more wrong. He was the one who hired Ruger and kept him by his side, after all.

“Now then, Duke, tell me your side of the story. Ruger, what is he? He seemed like a completely different person,” Carlton said.

Luisen nodded slowly. Ruger *did* seem like a completely different person. He looked like a competent knight, not an arrogant servant, with all of his fine armor equipped. The frivolous speech pattern that didn’t fit the knightly look was ironic, because that was Ruger’s usual way of speaking.

So it hit the young lord even harder that the Ruger he knew was false. The man had the same reproachable mouth, but the facade of a loyal servant was all lies. “Ruger was a spy.”

“I see. Did you find out whose spy he was?”

Luisen shook his head. “I don’t know who’s behind him. You don’t seem very surprised? I was utterly shocked to discover Ruger was a spy.” After he had escaped the situation and came to a safe place, the emotions he had temporarily delayed came roaring in like waves and overwhelmed Luisen’s head. His heart ached with a sense of betrayal and shock.

“I’m not too surprised; he seemed like someone who could do such things.”

“Ruger seemed like that to you? To me, he was a faithful servant.”

“My duke, you seemed particularly comfortable with him, but I can’t say he was loyal. Hasn’t he always disappeared from time to time? Even when you were left behind in the village, he deliberately provoked others.”

“…..Ah.”

Come to think of it, when he was abandoned in the village and got caught up in the riots, a knife flew at his blind spot. Was Ruger also the culprit of that?

In retrospect, that wasn’t the only suspicious occurrence. After Luisen surrendered to Carlton, Ruger often disappeared when significant incidents passed by.

“Actually, I don’t know what the duke believed and saw in him,” Carlton said.

Luisen shut his mouth abruptly. ‘For my sake, Ruger was caught and killed by you.’

So, the young lord ignored his suspicions and buried them away. He didn’t doubt despite the suspicious happenings; Ruger proved his loyalty with his death.

But Ruger spoke as if Luisen’s midnight escape would also function to secure his own safety, and because the young lord surrendered and did not run away, the attendant had to reveal himself.

If that was the case, did Ruger truly die in the previous timeline? Was getting captured on behalf of his master all part of a plan? Luisen did not see Ruger’s body and only strongly believed in his death due to the circumstances.

“I suppose. I was a fool.” Luisen lowered his head into both hands in distress.

The lord’s face was as pale as a corpse, and his half-dried hair hung limply. His gaze wandered anxiously through the air. Perhaps that was why Carlton felt even more sorry for him; the mercenary’s hand flinched.

Usually, Carlton would have laughed at him for believing in that kind of bastard like a fool, but instead he just felt sorry for Luisen. Would he have trusted Ruger if he was suffering alone, lonely? He thought that no matter how vigilant he was to those with ulterior motives around him, he was bound to have been deceived.

That was too much. Carlton tried to wrack his brains to say something to comfort the young lord. However, he had nothing to say, since he was more familiar with sarcasm than consolation.

“Duke, are you alright?” This was all he managed to squeeze out.

Luisen looked up, started. “I’m sorry. I was lost in thought for a moment. First of all, thank you for saving me.”

“It was nothing. Since I’ve been ordered to safely escort the duke to the capital…it should be me that’s apologizing.”

‘Can’t I sound more friendly?’ Carlton’s usual dry tone tugged at his own heart.

In the meantime, Luisen tried to steel himself and look determined. He didn’t want to seem pathetic to Carlton anymore. “You must have met the first prince’s messenger. Are you alone? What about all your men?”

“It seemed urgent…so I took off first. There must be a lot of distance between us and them, so the men don’t yet know of all that had happened.”

“Is that so…..”

“But don’t worry. I’ll take you, my duke, safely to the duchy.”

“To the duchy??” Luisen blinked his eyes.

“Are you not returning to the duchy?” the mercenary asked.

“No, I’m thinking of going to the capital like this.”

“You’re going to the capital right now?”

“That’s right.”

Carlton shook his head with a frown. “It would be better to stop by the duchy and gather a proper team before setting out. There are suspicious men after your life, and I am the only one with you right now. It would be hard to reach the capital like this.”

Carlton had a point, but Luisen had another idea. “Ruger will be waiting on the road back to the duchy. Going back now would be like walking into his grasp.”

“Since I’m with you, going back to the duchy will be no problem.”

Though Carlton was confident, Luisen shook his head. “It’ll be a problem even after we return to the duchy. I need to reach the capital as soon as possible, but the duchy doesn’t have that sort of manpower.”

The number of people who were in Luisen’s party when he first set out for the capital was the optimal amount of manpower that could be removed from the duchy and the castle. As the lives and deaths of those personnel were unknown, it was unlikely the situation would change if they regrouped at the castle.

“Why not stay at the duchy for a while?” Carlton asked.

“I can’t do that.”

“The prince will understand if you were attacked. I’ll relay your situation to him personally.”

“I have an obligation to go as one of the great lords. At the risk of my life, I have to go to the throne, to his majesty’s side.”

Carlton was not obtuse; he immediately realized the underlying meaning behind Luisen’s words.





TL: So sorry for the late updates you guys. I’ve been so frazzled with the new academic year onboarding process T_T There’s so much to do.





Chapter 45


Chapter 45



“No way…The king…” the mercenary mumbled.

Luisen nodded his head.

Carlton released a short sigh. The death of a king was an extremely urgent, important issue–worth risking your life for a visit to the capital.

“If I’m going to be in danger anway, it’s better for us to not drag our feet and act beyond Ruger’s expectations,” Luisen said.

“That’s true, but…”

“Let’s join up with your men and go to the capital together. You’ll be slowed down because of me, but…I’ll make the reward worth your time.”

Carlton thought about it. As Luisen said, if the king was truly in critical condition, then they must set off on the road to the capital in a hurry. Both Carlton and Luisen must arrive before the current king dies.

Moreover, considering the duchy’s history, it was better for the young lord to temporarily join his army, even if he suffered for a few days. The question, though, was whether or not Luisen could endure the hardships of travel until they met up with Carlton’s army.

“It’ll be a tough road. We will be homeless on the road–bedrooms, let alone high-quality ones–will be a dream. There won’t be any attending servants either.”

“It’s fine. It’s enough.” There was no hesitation in Luisen’s reply. He’d been through much worse conditions and hardship than that. After enduring so much to return to this timeline, he couldn’t possibly lose it all just because of a bastard like Ruger.

“Through various instances, many members often get left behind; thus, we’ve predetermined some set locations and rules for reunion. About…three days…from here…” Carlton glanced at Luisen’s thin legs. Only then did Luisen remember that he was almost naked; the young lord grabbed the cape that had fallen on the floor and covered himself. Carlton regretfully averted his gaze.

“It’ll take more than a week; just leaving the mountains will take about a week,” Carlton continued as if he hadn’t seen anything.

“I’ll hold out far better than you expect from me. So please, don’t worry too much–I won’t be too much of a bother to you.”

“…It’s not that I’m bothered. I’d rather feel more at ease to have the duke by my side, since I don’t know what sort of trouble he’ll get caught up in alone.”

“…I can’t exactly…refute that.”

Carlton had appeared to him and saved him at every crisis, so Luisen had nothing to say even if Carlton were to view him as a pain in the neck.

“Then I’ll leave this whole journey to you. Even if you’re frustrated, please don’t throw me away in the middle.”

“That won’t happen. I’ll take you to the capital without a single scratch or a strand of hair out of place.” Carlton was determined.

“….I was just kidding, though,” Luisen awkwardly mumbled. He couldn’t overcome the awkward atmosphere of sitting face to face, in his undergarments with the cold air brushing past his skin.



*******



After the conversation, the two sat apart and waited quietly for the sun to rise. Luisen leaned against the wall of the cave and examined himself. His body was throbbing here and there, and it turned out his skin was riddled with scratches and bumps he’d received from being bitten and dragged along by the direwolf.

Still, there were no major injuries that would need immediate treatment. The direwolf’s vicious teeth could have amputated Luisen’s leg, but given the various scratches, it probably didn’t mean to hurt him from the start.

‘What a silver lining. I can walk like this.’

He had a vigorous and healthy body full of youth–it could definitely endure. No, there was no choice but to endure. Luisen glanced at Carlton; the mercenary was leaning against the opposite wall with his eyes closed.

‘I can’t be a burden.’ Luisen folded his arms across his chest and closed his eyes. His head ached with fatigue and stress. The cold that seeped through from the cave walls chilled his bones. In this wintry, dreary mood, Luisen curled up.

He recalled his nomadic days–a time of loneliness, despair, and perpetual chill.

Luisen pressed the center of his brows firmly with his hands. He struggled to never experience those days again, but now he was running away from someone once more.

Did this mean that a person’s fate didn’t change so easily?

‘No. No, no…It’s not like before.’

The duchy was alive and well, and the duchy’s citizens did not resent Luisen. The duchy would expend all of their efforts to rescue him. Carlton, who was his enemy before, was sure to stand by Luisen and protect him. Everything was different–compared to before regression, he was in a good situation. This was the result of all his hard efforts.

‘Since I’ve done well so far, it’s going to be fine.’ Like that, he tried to cheer and console himself, but it wasn’t easy to get rid of negative emotions easily. There were still so many things he didn’t know.

Just why would Ruger try to drag Luisen away in such a complicated method at this time? For what reason? Who did he do this for? Maybe there was another actor behind his downfall–both now and back then. But who? Why? For what?

The future was already frightening enough of a subject; coupled with Ruger’s betrayal and the appearance of an unknown enemy made it worse. The amorphous fear engulfed Luisen’s rationality and kept driving his thoughts into negativity. The achievements he had made in the meantime were forgotten; the cold and pain seemed to be the only thing that existed.

He crouched down and hugged his arms over his legs, but the loneliness didn’t seem to fade away. He had no choice but to silently wait for the time to pass.

It was not long before the sun rose. Luisen and Caarlton exited the cave in their half-dried clothes. Their surroundings looked a hazy blue.

""



Luisen sighed once again. ‘We truly are deep in the middle of the forest.’

The trees were densely packed everywhere. Wherever direction he looked seemed the same, so it was hard to take the first step. There were no horses to mount nor foodstuffs to eat; if he wanted to moisten his throat, he had to lick the leaves and drink the morning dew.

‘Where do we go?’

The way forward was murky from the very beginning. What path must they take to avoid Ruger? Where must they go to reach their destination?

‘What did the saint say to do at times like these?’ Nothing came to mind when thinking of his teachings. Luisen’s chest felt stuffy; hopeless and bleak, he felt his vision dim.

‘Is this my future?’

Anxiety sneaked up on him. It felt like everything was going to go wrong, and the ground beneath his feet was crumbling away. Stunned, Luisen stood still.

At that moment, Carlton tapped Luisen on the shoulder.

“?”

“What are you doing staring off into the distance? We should set off.” The mercenary took the lead.

Luisen followed suit, still in a daze. “Do you know the way forward?”

“Yes.”

“How?”

Everything looked the same to Luisen. There was nothing that resembled a road, and no matter where he looked it was an endless, thick forest.

“I can estimate where my men will be waiting for me. Since this place is often travelled by the military, I’m familiar with the terrain.”

“But you still don’t know exactly where we are, right?”

“The sun is rising now: that way is east. If you can orient your direction, the rest is simple. You just need to note the direction as you go.” Carlton spoke as if what he did wasn’t particularly impressive. Could Luisen trust that and follow? He was still nervous but trudged along because there was no viable alternative.

The two walked along the hilly path. There was barely enough space for animals to pass through, let alone humans. The bushes were thick, so Luisen had to lean down in order to step forward. Sometimes he cut his hands on blades of greenery, and it wasn’t unusual to hit his legs on protruding branches.

Everytime he was hit, Luisen crouched over to swallow the pain. Each step delivered fresh pain. Their clothes were also an issue: the suit absorbed no sweat, and his shoes slipped easily.

‘I’m exhausted.’

Still, there was no time to rest. After all, resting did not guarantee that the situation would improve, and he didn’t want Carlton to consider him tiresome.

As his legs silently trudged along, various thoughts filled Luisen’s head. ‘Why did Ruger want him to escape to Dubless County? Just because it was close? Or was there another reason? Is Count Dubless behind Ruger?’

Luisen tried to recall Count Dubless–he just seemed like a polite and mannerly aristocrat. Despite the fact that they shared a border through the forest, the two did not interact much. They had a generation gap; the count was the age of Luisen’s father. Since he had little reason to contact Luisen, the distance between them was natural.

The last time he saw the count was when the young lord had arrived at his territory during his midnight escape.

‘What was he like back then……?’

He had waited a long time and barely met the count; but, let alone comfort, Luisen was locked in the drawing room and kicked out after saying what he had to say. At the time, he was outraged at being treated so poorly, but he had forgotten about it later due to other happenings. Luisen couldn’t even remember the contents of their conversation at the time–and seeing how no specific memory stuck out, it must not have been very important.

But Luisen was suspicious of his own memory.

‘Was there really nothing special? Could it be that I can’t remember?’

He couldn’t trust his past self who was so indifferent to the world at large and others.

‘….Useless.’ Luisen felt so pathetic that he became depressed. He inadvertently felt around his chest; there had always been a piece of beef jerky there…but nothing was there now.

It had been lost while they were on the run. A jerky was needed to uplift depressive thoughts, but without that morsel, he felt lost. Luisen was deeply distressed. ‘ I’m hungry. Tired. Hurt.’

With his stomach feeling so empty, he kept thinking about the old days–the memories of the nomadic life and the pain he had felt overlapped into the present.



TL: Hi guys >.< I’m feeling very guilty because I disappeared on this series for a while. It was a combination of classes and the fact that this series I don’t have the raws ripped (vs my other main series which I do have all raws in a text document/folder.) It’s easier to tl from a text document during/in-between classes, vs…ripping raws while dodging student’s eyes >.< Honestly, I wouldn’t be surprised if someone swooped in and took the project bc I’m updating so slow haha.

Still, thanks for waiting for this chapter you guys. (And thanks for squid for reminding me.)





Chapter 46


Chapter 46



‘Even if we continue like this…what can I even do?’

Could they reach the capital safely? It wasn’t like all would be safe once they’d reached the capital either. What should he do when he gets there? What could he even do? ‘The guy who I thought sacrificed his life for mine turned out to be a spy.’

A guy who can’t even solve his own hunger–what can someone like him do?

Luisen started to see everything in a pessimistic light. His body was already exhausted. When the spirit that supported the body was broken, the strength in his legs instantly vanished. Luisen faltered.

“Hnngh!” He fell. Luisen curled up as he tumbled towards the ground. However, contrary to his expectations, he did not strike the forest floor. Carlton had quickly turned around and grabbed Luisen’s arm, assisting the young lord.

“Ah, oh my…” Luisen’s head fell down, depleted of energy. Carlton clicked his tongue.

‘If you’re having a hard time, then you should have told me.’ Carlton inwardly clicked his tongue. Even though Carlton didn’t outwardly express his concern for the young lord, in fact, all of his mental power was directed at Luisen. Luisen’s breathing was getting rough, and his body was bending and losing consciousness.

Honestly, Carlton thought Luisen would ask for help if the going got tough. It was still early in the day, so he had been patiently monitoring Luisen’s stamina. If the lord were to say he couldn’t continue any longer, he thought about carrying him on his back.

However, Luisen didn’t even say that he’d been having a hard time until he was about to collapse. Carlton didn’t expect him to last this long.

“I’ll be careful from now on.” Luisen blinked. Carlton sighed softly when he saw how blank the young lord’s eyes looked. He had been determined to do well on his own, and so he was. No, was this the lord not knowing the extent of his limits?

“Let’s take a break before we continue.”

“No, it’s fine. Let’s just go.”

“Absolutely not. If you continue to walk while in this state, you’ll only get hurt.”

“…All right.” Luisen ultimately did not reject Carlton’s proposal.

Carlton sat Luisen upon a small rock. “Will you be okay if I leave you alone for a moment?”

“Are you going somewhere?”

“Yes. Wait here. I’ll return soon. Don’t go anywhere and wait here patiently.”

“Fine. Don’t worry about me and return soon,” Luisen replied readily.

But Carlton still looked doubtful. “Don’t go following me because you think you’ve seen something weird. Don’t wander around for no reason. If something strange appears, you must call for me–don’t try to deal with it on your own, understand?”

“Do you think of me as a child?”

“…..Anyways, I’ll be right back.”

Huh?

Did he just avoid answering? Luisen opened his eyes wide. Carlton, till the end, continued to make requests of him. Luisen folded his arms sullenly and watched Carlton move away from him.

He took a deep breath. ‘Phew, I feel like I’m going to live now that I’m sitting down.’

He didn’t even have the strength to amble around. ‘My feet are killing me.’ Luisen took off his shoes and rubbed his feet.

The clear sound of wind passing through the branches could be heard. In between, the grasshoppers spread their song. Sitting alone in a forest–no people, no animals, and no clear paths–he felt as if he were all alone in the world.

He had a more complacent and lazy body than he had remembered; it was unclear whether or not the journey ahead would go well. Luisen pressed on his temples.

Time passed just like that, and Carlton quickly returned.

“Eat this.” The mercenary had brought back an herb that looked similar to a child’s palm.

“This is the sal-sal herb isn’t it? It grows around here too?” 1

The sal-sal herb had a fever and pain-reducing effect; Luisen knew about it because the herb was one of the medicinal products the one-armed saint had taught him about long ago. By the time the two had met, Luisen’s health had been severely diminished, so the pilgrim would harvest the herb to help relieve his pain.

“Correct. How did the duke know about this?” Since most poor, ordinary peasants couldn’t visit apothecaries or doctors, they utilized the benefits of this plant. Most aristocrats had no knowledge of the sal-sal herb.

“I’ve tried it before–someone I knew gave it to me.”

“This? What a unique person they must have been to give someone like the duke a plant like this. They could have just called a doctor.”

“There were times when it was too difficult to call for a doctor… I grew up in a pleasant situation, but there were times when I suffered.” He was, of course, talking about his times wandering an empty kingdom. Luisen spoke very casually.

Carlton inhaled sharply–if the lord were talking about a time where he couldn’t call for a doctor then he must have been talking about his childhood abuse by the vassals. ‘How bad must it have gotten for a child to resort to eating grass without reporting his sickness to others?’

Carlton regretted that he couldn’t bother the duchy’s retainers more than he did. The next time he saw them, he wouldn’t let them go easily.

Luisen munched away at his herb gently without any notice of Carlton’s misunderstanding. The taste wasn’t nice–the smell of grass wafted up his nose alongside the overpowering sour taste. He felt nauseous as he tried to swallow it. Though he hadn’t had anything to eat since lunchtime yesterday, he felt like he was going to cry while eating something so foul.

Tears welled up; Luisen felt even more desolate. Carlton could no longer silently keep watch over him, so he begrudgingly spoke, “…The duke didn’t do anything wrong.”

“Huh?”

“Anyone will go through hard times. Furthermore, this was brought about by Ruger’s actions.”

“……? I’m fine though.”

Because the young lord kept on saying he was fine with that kind of face, Carlton, feeling frustrated, spoke even faster. “What do you mean you’re fine, especially with that face that looks like you’ve been abandoned by the world? There’s no one watching, so you can be honest: you’ve been thinking negatively this entire time, haven’t you?”

“Y…..yeah. How did you know?”

“It all shows on your face. It seems like you’re thinking of Ruger, but… something like, ‘if you knew of his nature, would you have been stabbed in the back?'”

Luisen furrowed his eyebrows. His expression looked as if the young lord was trying to hold back tears; Carlton’s heart dropped. He quickly continued, lest his words be misunderstood, “It’s natural that you had no idea–he tried his hardest to hide all that. Though I thought he’d try something in the future…”

Carlton thought he was eloquent in his own way, but right now his tongue was so stiff. “In addition, he had some strange tricks up his sleeves…”

“You’re talking about how he summoned those monsters?”

“Yes. How could one not be fooled by someone so determined–with those kinds of skills? It’s just a relief that the bastard had no intention of killing the duke. If that was his scheme, then in one go the bastard could have…” Carlton wanted to plunge his fist into his mouth. Why was he chattering like this? Was he trying to console the young lord or pick a fight?

“You have to stay alive in order to shatter that bastard Ruger’s skull. It wasn’t my duke’s fault that you were fooled… In any case, what I’m trying to say is… it’s fortunate that you’re safe and sound.”

In one way or another, Carlton said all he wanted to say. But…

Afraid to look at Luisen’s expression, Carlton turned away and coughed in vain. After the mercenary stopped speaking, silence stretched through the forest clearing. It was so awkward.

It would be easier to jump into an enemy camp armed with only a knife.

Carlton realized, for the first time in his life, that consoling someone was really difficult. After all, when had he ever had the chance to comfort someone? Instead, he offered Luisen something he thought the young lord would like. “I saw it on my way here, so I’ve brought it. Eat it.”

Carlton offered two Buried Old Hags. It was clear the man took care to hold the roots in his embrace so they wouldn’t be exposed to sunlight.

“!” Luisen opened his eyes wide.

It was a Buried Old Hag!

Something to eat!

Food!

At that moment, Luisen thought there was a halo shining from behind Carlton’s back.

“Something precious like this…Is it okay for me to eat this?” Luisen was so moved that his voice trembled.

Carlton felt rather awkward though–it wasn’t all that precious. There was no need for the young lord to be so moved.

‘Maybe I should have just given him this thing instead of speaking.’ Somehow, it seemed that giving him something to eat was more effective than Carlton’s words. However, the mercenary was glad at least something worked…

“Then, do you think I brought this for myself to eat? It’s too difficult to set fire right now, so you’ll have to eat it raw.”

‘So, you brought this for me?’ Feeling overwhelmed, Luisen responded with a big nod. “Okay!”

Luisen ate the Buried Old Hag in one bite. He shuddered as the sweet juices moistened his tongue, accompanied by a crunching sound. Some people found it uncomfortable to eat a Buried Old Hag raw, but Luisen also liked this sort of taste. The unique firm texture, subtle sweetness, and unique aroma that only spread when eaten raw–the root was still delicious.

Luisen quickly consumed the Buried Old Hag in an instant. Afterwards, he let out a long sigh. It felt as if his depression had escaped his body with that one breath. As his stomach became full, the young lord began to feel optimistic…as if he had never been melancholic.

‘People should never be hungry.’ Luisen then vowed to carry a Buried Old Hag at all times.

He could now afford to leisurely consider Carlton’s words. While wandering around the kingdom alone, he had almost died several times and tasted the bitterness of reality. Furthermore, he had actually died. For Luisen, Carlton’s clumsy attempts at comfort uniquely touched his heart.

“Your words are right.”

“What?”

“If Ruger had actually tried to kill me, I’d have departed this world already. I’m lucky that wasn’t the case.” If he died, then that was it–it would be over. Didn’t he uncover hidden truths in his struggle to return to the past and live a good life? It would all work out. He would go to the capital and see what his next actions should be! Besides, didn’t he do well in saving his dukedom and get to this point in life?

And, above all, he had someone who would retrieve food and medicine for him! While lost in the mire of negative thoughts, Luisen had forgotten this fact, but the young lord now had Carlton!

Wasn’t Carlton the person that changed the most after his regression? Luisen wasn’t currently being chased by Carlton and was, instead, escaping with the mercenary. That fact alone quenched his anxiety; Luisen was convinced that everything would be different from the original timeline.

As he thought, it felt like his body became lighter. The sal-sal herb’s effects couldn’t be ignored either. His mind was healthy when he wasn’t feeling sick and his stomach was full.

“Yes?” Carlton doubted his ears. Was the lord being sarcastic? He felt automatically dubious. However, Luisen was smiling at him with such a refreshing expression.





TL: Hi, I’m back. I have raws now so I can continue lmao. Also, I have two chapters stockpiled so don’t worry about me disappearing anytime soon. I don’t exactly know what my schedule will be, but it’ll usually be placed on the discord (that I’ve put in the series description). I guess I’ll just judge how much people want uploads for this one >.<

Also, Lmao at Carlton vowing to murder Luisen’s retainers.





Footnotes




살살풀, honestly sal-sal = gently or easily in Korean…but it’s hard to make a full name out of it so I just put it in phonetically. If someone wants to give me a good name, I welcome it haha.





Chapter 47


Chapter 47





“Are you okay…?” Carlton asked.

“Mm, I’m fine. I’m actually rather grateful. Because of you, I was able to properly organize my mind,” Luisen answered.

Carlton couldn’t understand how his words left a deep impression. Rather than words…the mercenary felt that the Buried Old Hag was more effective. That could be possible–Luisen was unique in various ways. Whatever worked, worked; it was good if Luisen had a little more energy in him. Inadvertently, Carlton’s lips drew into a firm line. “It’s an honor that I could be of some help.”

“Without you, I would have most likely been kidnapped by Ruger. Ruger, that son of a bitch. He eats the food I give him and stabs me in the back? Did you know? He received a huge salary. The next time we meet, I’ll make him vomit it all out.” Luisen clenched his fist and punched the empty air.

“It’s not just Ruger–I’ll find out the person behind Ruger and get revenge on him as well,” Luisen pledged.

“I agree. You must call me when you’re about to crush him.”

“You?”

“Yes. I’m suffering like this because of that bastard–you must allow me to join.”

Now that Luisen took a proper look at him, Carlton looked ridiculous. His pants were muddy, his hair messy, and his beard was growing quite scraggly. They had no idea when they’d arrive at the capital; he had been separated from his subordinates and even his cherished horse. There were plenty of reasons to hold a grudge against Ruger and Ruger’s shadow backer.

“Alright. You’ll join too.” Luisen reached out his hand, and Carlton readily grasped it. The hand was dirty, but he didn’t really care all that much. The mercenary shook so hard that it felt like his shoulder would fall off before releasing the young lord’s hand. Luisen took the remaining Buried Old Hag, divided it in half, and handed one half to Carlton. At times like this, people would often share a drink, but this was all he had. Swept up in the moment, Carlton impulsively took the root.

The mercenary had no intention of eating the Buried Old Hag. He knew that it’d be safe to eat the root, but he still didn’t feel so good about it. But, when Luisen placed the root in his hands, he couldn’t ruthlessly say no as he had done in the past.

“Let’s share this and cheer up together!” Luisen then emptied his mind of ‘what-ifs’–what if Ruger had caught him–and thoughts of whether or not Ruger was Count Dubless’ man. Before his expression could darken at the gloomy situation, he took another bite of the Buried Old Hag, brightening up once more.

While docilely watching that scene, Carlton also took a bite of his given share. When he saw Luisen eating so deliciously, he didn’t feel so repulsed anymore; the mercenary couldn’t tell if the root was as delicious as Luisen had praised, but the taste was decent.



***



After eating the Buried Old Hag, they started to walk again. Since there was no horse to ride, the pace was quite slow. They just continued to walk like that. Then, reaching his limit, Luisen asked Carlton for a break; while Luisen sat down and rested, Carlton retrieved water or things to eat.

Though Luisen’s body still felt tired, his exhaustion was slightly relieved because the mercenary held onto his hand along the way. Whenever the young lord inadvertently fell into depressive thoughts, Carlton held his hands tight and pulled him forward, stopping the young lord from spiralling further.

Then, at sunset, they stopped walking. The two found Carlton’s well-used abandoned beast cave and settled there. The cave was too narrow and they couldn’t light a fire, so Carlton and Luisen fell asleep, clinging together underneath a draped cape.

Luisen tried not to be too entangled with the mercenary, but when he woke in the morning, he must have fallen asleep while hugging the other. Perhaps winter had come early since they were in mountainous regions–the night must have been cold.

It was the dawn of the third day, their journey seeming endless.

Luisen was exhausted. No matter how well Carlton took care of the young lord, they were still on a tight schedule. The two did not let go of each other’s hands throughout their walk. Whenever Luisen faltered, Carlton held onto Luisen firmly, respecting the young lord’s determination to not delay the mercenary–even for a moment.

‘He has more grit than what his looks would suggest.’ The young lord looked like someone who’d be extremely picky and spoiled. However the man had a firm spirit–patience and tenacity. That fact made Carlton chuckle from the corners of his lips.

After all that effort, the two finally discovered what seemed like a proper footpath. The road was narrow enough that two people, standing side by side, were enough to fill up the entire width–but it was still a path!

“If we go straight on this road, we’ll finally be free of these awful mountains.”

“Now that we’ve come this far, we can assume that they’re no longer chasing us.”

“Then, we’ll be able to light a fire?” Luisen’s eyes were shiny. They weren’t able to start any fires for fear of being chased down. Yesterday, Luisen was so exhausted that Carlton promised to hunt and cook for him if they had travelled far enough to light a fire.

“Then, as promised, I’ll catch some meat for you for dinner.”

“Great!” Luisen clenched both hands together and cheered quietly.

When the young lord laughed, Carlton could help but casually laugh along. Honestly–who’s so happy about wild animals for dinner? “However, we’ll have to eat Buried Old Hags for now.”

“Still, at least we have that!” Luisen took out the precious roots that were carefully wrapped in their coats. They had dug some up in advance so he wouldn’t become depressed; they took care to store them well so that the roots wouldn’t see the sunlight.

Once again, he divided the Buried Old Hag in half and gave Carlton his share before eating his half immediately. Used to this by now, Carlton received the root from the lord and ate it. Honestly, he still didn’t feel too good about eating the root, but eating together with Luisen–watching the young lord eat–made it better. “Since there’s a road, it’s bound to lead to a village. Shall we go looking for it?”

“I don’t know if it’ll be okay–we’ll stand out. You can see that I’m not ordinary with just one glance. My face isn’t one that can be forgotten easily.” This might sound self-congratulatory and despicable, but it was the truth. He may have walked all day, sweated, and slept on the dirt without washing properly, but Luisen’s face was still delicate and pale. His blonde hair was still sparkling. No matter what, he looked like a nobleman; rather, he would stand out even more from the strange circumstances of his travel.

“That’s true. It would have been nice if we could cover your face,” Carlton gently admitted. “I have nothing for that purpose.”

Luisen and Carlton’s clothes did not have hoods to cover their faces. Furthermore, it wasn’t practical to cover him with the cape.

“Still, I think it’s best to stop by the village.” Even if it was a little risky, Carlton thought it would be best to rest while eating warm food in a building with a roof and walls. He could see Luisen becoming more and more tired. Even if one rested within the forest, they wouldn’t be able to rest properly. Though they needed to push forward due to their circumstances, the mercenary was worried for his companion.

‘He won’t even listen to me when I offered to give him a piggy-back ride. I wish I at least had my horse.’

It couldn’t be helped in their situation, but he felt quite heartbroken to lose his warhorse, which could easily carry two adult men. If his horse were here, they would have been able to travel twice as fast.

‘Should I go to the village and steal a pony or something while Luisen is sleeping?’

The road was quiet; the wind blew softly. The sunlight shining through the tree canopies was beautiful; the sound of Luisen crunching on the Buried Old Hags harmonized with the sound of crickets. It felt too peaceful for their situation–destitute and running away from the pursuit of unknown forces–and felt more like a picnic walk.

Suddenly though, Carlton felt some dissonance in this calm atmosphere. Someone was approaching. As soon as he felt that, Carlton pulled on the young lord’s hand and hid Luisen behind him; without delay, the mercenary pulled out his sword.

“?” Luisen was puzzled.

One beat later, five men jumped out from behind a large tree.

For how impressively they jumped out, they looked a mess. Perhaps they hadn’t been able to eat well. The men looked starved; like ill patients, their complexions shadowed, and their lips were chapped. Blood veins spiderwebbed in both eyes, creating a hideous effect. The men used things like axes, pickaxes, and shovels as weapons as they blocked Carlton and Luisen’s path.

“S-Stop!”

“If you want to pass through this path alive, you’ll have to give us everything you have!”

“S-Starting from what you’re eating right now, give it all up!” The men shouted.

Luisen stared at them blankly; Carlton smirked and laughed.

“I was wondering who they were, but they’re just thieves. Let’s just move on.” As if he were looking at something ridiculous, Carlton placed his sword back in its sheath. A weapon was unnecessary against these opponents.

The thieves were greatly shaken. They exchanged glances and whispered–Luisen could hear their quiet voices well.

“They said they’ll just pass through…what should we do?”

“We’ll have to block them!”

“But that guy looks super strong…”

“We’re five people, and they’re two! Furthermore, they have things to eat!”

Honestly, everyone could hear them–what were they doing?

These people were better suited to be farmers than highway robbers, looking at those clothes and the agricultural equipment they were using as weapons. Honestly, farmers should have been preparing for the winter–what were they doing thieving in the mountains? Besides, this road was probably one that didn’t see many travellers due to the difficulty of its path.

“They’re so clumsy.” The men were so foolhardy that even Luisen chuckled.

“My words exactly. They must be newbies.” 1 Carlton looked at the robbers and pointed out one of them. The man had a similar physique to Luisen. “What do you think of his shoes?”

“Huh? They look comfortable,” Luisen replied absentmindedly. Why was the mercenary suddenly talking about shoes?

“Then, let’s go with that,” Carlton said.

“What do you mean?”

Carlton grinned and approached the highway robbers.





TL: RIP highway robbers. RIP.

Also Imagine being able to just casually say you’re too beautiful to forget. I want that power lolol.





Footnotes




초짜 is slang for rookies, newbies, anyone new to a field. It doesn’t sound quite old-timey…but what can you do lmao.





Chapter 48


Chapter 48



Luisen docilely watched, wondering what Carlton would do.

“D-Don’t come closer!” The highway robbers swung their weapons recklessly, but they weren’t threatening at all. Moreover, in front of Carlton, the men looked so diminutive; the weapons were like children’s toys.

“Hey.” Carlton made a show of flexing his muscles as he clenched his fist and turned his wrist around. “Give us all you have.”

Carlton rushed at the thieves; Luisen dropped his own head into his hands.

So, he was going to flip the script and rob the thieves?

‘Should I stop him? Do I need to stop him?’ While agonizing, Luisen stepped back to stay at a distance. This behavior wasn’t appropriate, but his feet hurt so much.

‘Honestly, that’s why they should have chosen their opponent with eyes wide open…’

Luisen sent a prayer for a peaceful afterlife for those clumsy robbers.

Carlton dealt with his opponents with only his fist. He avoided their knives and grabbed one of the robbers’ arms and twisted it. He batted away the bamboo spear flying at him with the robber’s axe, threw the robber away, and knocked down the foolish men, one after another.

For farmers, even if they were five well-built adult men, they were no match for Carlton. Carlton had no intention of going easy on them, and the robbers were flung around like toys.

“S-Save…Save us…”

“Shut up and go over there.” Carlton hit the robber again to quiet him. Then, he took the shoes off of one of those men and brought them back to Luisen. “Please wear them. Though they may not be good shoes, it’ll be better to wear them for the long journey.”

“Um…” The owner of those shoes dropped like a living corpse as he looked at his shoes.

‘At this point, who was the robber and who was the upstanding citizen?’ Luisen wondered.

“Honestly…Why did you even try to rob us…” Since he wasn’t in the position to show mercy for the highway robbers’ circumstances, Luisen tried his hardest to look away and change into the shoes. Moreover, the robber’s boots were much more comfortable than going barefoot. Because they were used by those living in the mountains, the soles were strong and thick–far better than the shoes of those that lived in the valleys.

Carlton looked satisfied. “It seems like those guys live in a village near here. We should spend the night there.”

When did he have time to find that out while beating up those thieves? Luisen gave the defeated men a sidelong glance. It felt a bit uncomfortable to go to the robbers’ village. “Will it be fine?”

“They’ve already seen our faces; we’ll need to silence their mouths. It’s easy enough to deal with the brigands.”

Deal with them? It sounds like the mercenary was going to bury them somewhere. It didn’t seem that Luisen was the only one to come to this conclusion–the robbers all flinched and trembled.

‘Well, if Carlton says so.’ Luisen nodded. The young lord knew that he was nearing his limits, so he decided to compromise.

Carlton approached the fallen robbers and lightly kicked them. “Lead us to your village.”

“V-Village? We can’t! If you go there, there will be trouble!” The robbers were frightened when they heard that they were headed towards their village.

“Why? Because it’s your stronghold? I guess the robber commander is there?”

“No. It’s not that, my lord. We were originally farmers from this mountain. In the village… The village is really dangerous now…” The robbers’ faces were clearly full of fear. Rather than reluctance to take Luisen and Carlton to their residence, they seemed truly scared of something within the village. What could be so scary?

“What’s in your village?” Luisen asked, unable to resist his curiosity. The robbers hesitated; it looked as if they were talking to each other with their eyes.

“You’re not answering?” Carlton threatened.

The robbers immediately closed their eyes and cried out, “Monster–There’s a Monster there!”

“Monster?”

“Some guy dragged in a monster and took over our village! We can’t go back there!” The thieves shed tears.

What kind of story was this? Luisen and Carlton gave each other meaningful glances. The young lord felt that this wasn’t something that he could just ignore. Carlton nodded, as if he felt the same way.

“Slow down–tell me what happened.” Luisen soothed the men on the ground. The robbers wept and hurried to explain. Water bursting forth from their tear ducts as if floodgates had sprung open; they began to weave their story. It was all very confusing as each man was focused on his story, but to summarize below…

These men weren’t originally highway robbers; they were slash-and-burn farmers living in the mountains. 1 They had lived in a small and provincial village that was common across the lands. However, ten days ago, a lone man appeared with a monster by his side. He had the monster attack the village for no apparent reason.

“A human controlling a monster? Do you think that’s believable?” Carlton deliberately lashed out at the thieves in an attempt to pry more information.

“W-We’re telling the truth. We couldn’t believe our own eyes; the man really did all that! He really ordered the monster to attack our village.”

These five men said they were lucky enough to escape with their lives. However, afterwards, they were too scared to return back home and they had nowhere else to go. Therefore, they had been circling familiar surroundings.

Then, as they ran out of things to eat and could only suck on the tips of their fingers, Luisen and Carlton appeared on the road. They had lost their sanity when they saw Luisen eating something and decided to become highway robbers.

“But why would you resort to robbery? You should have gone down to the nearest town, told them the truth, and brought help,” Luisen rebuked.

The men looked as if they were about to cry, “That’s…because we’re refugees…” the robbers said in a faint voice.

Hearing that, Luisen sighed. Refugees were people who did not belong to any land and wandered nomadically. They became migrants due to avoiding war or tyranny, running away after a crime, exile, or ruin of farmland.

There were many reasons to become a refugee, but most people shunned them. In this world, it was natural for most people to live and die in the village they were born in, so people were often suspicious of strangers with ambiguous statuses. Even if the refugees wanted to settle down somewhere, others wouldn’t accept them.

Therefore, many of them lived secretly in mountains or forests. Since this was clearly illegal, they were unable to go anywhere.

Luisen had also experienced a time when he had wandered through the kingdom; he said no more to the men because the young lord understood how they felt. Instead, he asked something else, “So some strange man brought a monster to your home?”

“Yes. After giving a command, the monsters swarmed the village.”

The robber’s story reminded him of Ruger. After all, it wasn’t common for people to order monsters around. Luisen looked into Carlton’s eyes and grabbed his sleeve.

‘Similar to Ruger, right?’

Carlton nodded with a rigid expression. Luisen continued his interrogation, “What kind of monsters?”

“We don’t really know their names, but… They were as big as bulls but looked exactly like dogs.”

“Dogs? Do you mean that they looked like wolves?”

“Yes, yes. Similar to a wolf. Incredibly scary–and their teeth were so sharp…”

Listening to their descriptions, the young lord had the hunch that the monsters were Direwolves. “How long ago was this?”

“I think…it’s been about ten days.”

“ten days…”

Ten days was long before Luisen and his party were attacked by the Direwolves.

Luisen stood close to Carlton and whispered so that the robbers couldn’t hear, “Do you think they’re telling the truth?”

“…It doesn’t seem like they’re lying.”

Mmm. Luisen made a low rumbling sound. If what they said was truth, then it was highly likely their situation was related to Ruger. “It feels strange…to just pass this off as coincidence.”

“I feel the same way. Why don’t we go to their village?”

“What if there’s really monsters there?”

“I believe the monsters that attacked the village have already left. We haven’t heard any wolf howls on our way here.”

“Ah. That’s true.”

Direwolves would howl every night. Looking back, Luisen never heard anything resembling a wolf. Just in case, he asked the robbers and they said the same.

Luisen and Carlton decided to go to the robbers’ village. Using the five robbers as guides, they all headed for the village. On the way, Luisen inquired about various things. “The man who brought the monsters–did you see what he looked like?”

Though the robbers found Luisen difficult to deal with, they answered steadily. “We didn’t get a proper look… That person wore pilgrim clothes, so we couldn’t see their face. They seemed small in stature though…”

“I remember the atmosphere felt somewhat unpleasant and gloomy. The monsters even grinned as they killed the villagers.”

The man in the descriptions was incredibly different from Ruger. Was it someone else?

“You had no idea the monsters were going to attack, and yet you still got a good look at him, huh?” Carlton said.

“It was so strangely foggy that day–I couldn’t even see the people standing next to me… However, I could see that man very well. It was as if the fog was receding for him.”

“Fog?”

“Yes. This place isn’t usually very foggy, so I remember that…everyone thought it was weird.”

“Fog…” Luisen murmured.

Was that ill-begotten guest, fog, popping out again? The fog seen by the Vinard House delegation, the fog seen by Luisen when he was attacked by the direwolves…and the fog that appeared when the village was attacked.

""



Luisen felt disturbed–everything seemed to be related.

Their conversation eventually led them to the village the robbers had escaped from.





TL: Quick update before I drown in work again D:





Footnotes




Slash and burn agriculture is a widely used method of growing food in which wild or forested land is clear cut and any remaining vegetation burned. The resulting layer of ash provides the newly-cleared land with a nutrient-rich layer to help fertilize crops. Usually the farmers are rural and nomadic, changing locations once the nutrient in the burned soil has run dry.





Chapter 49


Chapter 49



The village was surrounded by a wooden fence as tall as Luisen. It was rare to see such wonderful woodwork in such remote mountains.

“Does this region usually have a lot of monsters?”

“No. Since we’re in the midst of high mountains and deep valleys, there are many large beasts–the walls were built high for those. As for monsters…we occasionally saw some goblins.”

Luisen waited outside with the robbers as Carlton went ahead and scouted inside the village walls.

The village was deathly quiet. As Carlton had guessed, the monster swarm had already left. At the mercenary’s signal, Luisen and the robbers followed him into the village.

The place was in shambles–akin to ruins. Agricultural tools and other bits and bobs were scattered along the roads; they could see broken houses and dried blood stains here and there. Crying, the robbers hurried to find their own homes, and Carlton and Luisen were left to examine the ruined settlement together.

“Sir Carlton, here.” Luisen pointed at the wooden door of some building. There were traces of several scratches made with sharp claws on the wood frame. As the residents closed the door to hide inside, the monsters must have scratched at it to break it down.

Following that, the two found footprints left by four-legged beasts, teeth marks, and something that appeared to be fur.

“These all seem like direwolf tracks, right?” Luisen asked.

“Yes. It seems like they belong to a direwolf. From the state of the blood spilled on the ground, I’m certain that it’s been at least ten days, as the robbers have said.”

“…Ten days… That’s seven days before I was attacked. Do you think this was done by the same group that attacked me?”

“If there aren’t two groups of direwolves… It would mean the monsters that attacked this town and my Duke must be the same group…”

Luisen and Carlton may have moved a fair distance as they winded around the mountain–in terms of distance alone, the place where Luisen was attacked and this village were not too far away. In that time, the direwolves could definitely have crossed that distance.

Moreover, it was uncommon to see monsters that obeyed human orders. It would be reasonable to assume that the two attacks were conducted by the same group of monsters.

“But ten days ago Ruger was with me in the castle. It couldn’t have been him who had brought the direwolves into this village.”

“If not Ruger, maybe a collaborator?”

“That’s possible.”

Looking at these circumstances, it was highly likely that Ruger was in some sort of criminal posse.

Ruger had been busy–out of his mind–with packing for his master. Had he been in touch with his posse then, readying for an attack on himself?

“No wonder he looked so harried,” Luisen muttered. That damn son of a bitch. After doing all that, he dared to whine to his master about how tired he was? The flames of ire blazed within Luisen.

Carlton patted Luisen on the shoulder. Afterwards, the young lord released a long breath and swallowed his anger. Suddenly, the robbers came running back to them; they were spouting gibberish with dazed expressions, as if they had been possessed by a ghost.

“Speak clearly! What is it?” Carlton asked.

“Nothing. There’s absolutely nothing.”

“What?” Carlton was annoyed, threatening to punish them if they continued to speak nonsense.

The robbers shrieked and paled. “There’s bloodstains, but no one’s around!”

“Since monsters have appeared, all the survivors must have run away.”

“No, it’s not that… We can’t even see the dead folks. So…” While the two robbers who had arrived before could only speak gibberish, their companion, following close behind, cried. “The corpses! We can’t see any corpses!”

“What are you talking about?” Luisen inquired.

The robbers hurried and crowded around the young lord and the mercenary. “We don’t know what’s going on. There’s nothing! There should be some people–there should at least be corpses left behind…!”

After the monsters attacked, they did not return to the village. Therefore, the bodies of the dead villagers should have remained. However, there were only scattered blood stains. The robbers were shocked no bodies were left behind.

“Couldn’t someone have cleared the corpses away? There could have been other survivors,” Luisen raised a counter argument.

The men were easily persuaded by the young lord’s illogical statement because they wished to believe there were other living villagers. “I-Is that so?”

“That could be possible!” The men said brightly.

As he watched the scene, Carlton muttered in a low tone that only Luisen could hear, “I don’t believe the villagers would have been responsible for cleaning up. There’s no signs of the bodies being moved.”

Carlton had already noticed strange inconsistencies with what the robbers had found.

“How do you know?” Luisen asked.

“If a villager were to come back and move the body, there should be drag marks on the ground or long trails of blood. But, nothing like that exists.”

“Then?”

“At the very least, they certainly wouldn’t have gotten up and walked away on their own two feet.”

“Hmm…”

They must have been bitten and taken away or eaten–cruel things that Luisen didn’t want to imagine. The young lord grew pale.

As soon as he saw that, Carlton thought to change the subject. There was nothing good about staying in a village that had seen such strange happenings. “It doesn’t seem like there’s anything else to see here. Let’s get going. We should find a place to stay before sunset.”

At Carlton’s urging, Luisen looked over the ruined village once more. Though the place was small and poor, he could see it was a home that was cultivated with care and tenderness. Thus, this village’s tragedy hit the young lord with more melancholy.

​​”…Understood.” Luisen felt pity and sympathy for the disaster that had befallen this village, but there was nothing he could do immediately. If direwolves had passed through this place, then they could come back at any time, after all. Not only were the two being chased, but Luisen could hardly help anyone without Carlton.

“If you know anything, please let me know. My parents were killed by those bastards. Wouldn’t anyone like to know who their enemies are?” The robbers cautiously made a request as Carlton and Luisen were talking. In one night, they had lost their homes, neighbors, and families; they would definitely wonder what was happening. They had no choice but to wander around the area because they had no capabilities, but they had never, not even once, felt comfortable with what had happened.

Looking at how earnest they were, Luisen choked with guilt. ‘If I were their target, then they should only have attacked me. Why attack an innocent village?’

“We don’t know anything either. Even if we knew, it’s better for you to stay ignorant as well,” Carlton replied firmly. His words may have been harsh, but there was wisdom sprinkled there. This matter was intertwined with the Great Lord of the south and the unidentified forces aiming for him. These enemies clearly had extraordinary power and had been gunning for Luisen for many years; there was no way the culprit would be an ordinary person.

Carlton and Luisen both knew that knowledge of their identity alone would forge a motive to kill them.

Instead, Luisen apologized sincerely, “I’m sorry I can’t tell you more. Please don’t worry too much. More than that, what will you do now? Are you going to continue to stay in these mountains?”

“…We’ll have to leave. Maybe due to those monsters, the animal populations and greenery in these mountains have dried up… we have no way to make a living here.”

“Is there any place you can go?”

“…There isn’t,” the robbers replied, embarrassed.

Luisen wasn’t a stranger to having nowhere to go. How terrible must it feel to lose your home, one that you’ve had for decades, and be left with nothing? Even though the young lord was almost robbed, Luisen couldn’t help but give them some advice–he was too anxious to ignore them. “Go west from here and you’ll come upon a field. If you walk about two weeks south, you’ll arrive at a village. The population there has declined quite considerably recently, so they’ll accept you all.”

While Luisen was studying his duchy, he had found a village that was suffering from a shortage of manpower. The young lord also taught them about the Buried Old Hags. Now if they could sate their hunger, they wouldn’t commit robbery anymore.

This amount of information wasn’t much for Luisen, but the robbers didn’t think of it so casually. They bowed over and over, thanking him. “Thank you, my lord, thank you!”

For those wandering around roads without a purpose, it felt very meaningful just to have a destination. Moreover, this information was guaranteed by Luisen, someone that anyone could tell was a nobleman at a surface glance.

Since Luisen had played the role of a good cop, Carlton then stepped up. “What you’ve seen here should never be told to anyone. If any of this is disclosed…”

Carlton tapped his knife, reminding them to keep their mouths closed. Luisen’s advice and Carlton’s warning made the robbers feel just the right balance of appreciation and fear, making them even more determined to be cautious.

The men gave Luisen and Carlton their parting farewells and left their village behind. They had steely resolve, as they had already lived hard lives.

The young lord and the mercenary also resumed their journey. Soon the sun set, and they found a place to stay. The two sat beside a bonfire as they burned some Buried Old Hags. Even though they had a fire, once again, they simply had the same old roots.

The two filled their stomachs and organized the things they had brought from the village. Afterwards, they laid a blanket on the floor and arranged their sleeping positions. Lying side by side, Luisen stared blankly at the sky. He couldn’t sleep because, when he closed his eyes, images of the village flooded his mind.

The young lord tossed and turned. Because they were lying next to each other, Carlton’s face filled his view. There were dark bags under his eyes, and a scraggly beard was growing in. Though it wasn’t usually an appealing look, such a rough, messy, wanderer’s look suited Carlton’s masculinity. The mercenary’s eyes were closed, but Luisen could see the man’s eyes moving underneath his eyelids.





TL: Masculine, huh?

Luisen that sounds like you need to get some gains.





Chapter 50


Chapter 50



​​”Can’t sleep?” Luisen asked. Carlton’s eyes immediately flew open. The young lord could see his dim reflection in the mercenary’s dark pupils.

“What about you, my duke?”

“I’m a little worried.”

“About what?”

“About the direwolves. Why do you think they attacked the village?”

Carlton thought for a moment before answering, “There was nothing special about that village.”

“Exactly. It’s a village founded by refugees; most people wouldn’t even know that there’s a village there, right?”

“They must have noticed it while passing by. Direwolves probably wouldn’t have traveled along the road, in order to avoid attention; rather, it may have been easier to find a village hidden deep within the mountains.”

“Then they should have simply passed by. Why did they attack?”

“Perhaps they wanted a meal. Or perhaps it was for training.”

“… It could have been both, I suppose.” Luisen was struck speechless with misery. Recollections of bloodstains all over the place gave him an eerie, chilly feeling.

Watching Luisen toss and turn, Carlton continued, “It’s not the duke’s fault that the town was attacked by those bastards. It’s just bad luck.”

“…That’s not it.”

‘I’m from the future,’ Luisen wanted to say but swallowed those words. He could possibly have prevented this if he had been a little smarter–if he was more perceptive. Just as how he had prepared for the locust attack.

“My duke can’t possibly know about everything in the world. And, even if you knew, you couldn’t possibly prepare for everything. Everyone knows that winters are severe, but there are always people who freeze to death.” Carlton spoke as if he had looked inside Luisen’s heart.

Luisen was astounded. “Even so, I feel sorry.”

“It’s something that’s already happened. What would change because my duke is feeling sorry? Sleep instead. Be worried during the day instead–there’s nothing else to do while walking, right?” Carlton’s words were unsympathetic and cold, but he wasn’t wrong. It was time to get some sleep and replenish his strength for the work he’d have to do tomorrow.

Luisen forced himself to close his eyes, trying to ignore the guilty thoughts that crept into his consciousness. He then began to feel sleepy.

“Just as you said, I won’t think about it for now… When we arrive at the capital, I’ll search for more survivors from that village. I’ll give them some land to craft a farm and help them settle down,” Luisen murmured, half asleep.

“They probably aren’t part of your duchy.”

“I’m the south’s great lord. Even if it’s part of someone else’s estate, I should be able to do that much.”

“Yes, yes. Of course.”

“If you have power, you should use it. Don’t you think so?” Luisen immediately fell asleep right after.

“…My duke?”

“……”

“Luisen Anies?”

“……”

There was no reply; Carlton looked at Luisen’s fast asleep face and stood up. Then, he carefully walked over to Luisen’s feet and took off his shoes and socks. Because the young lord had worn these shoes for quite some time, there was a musty smell, but Carlton didn’t mind.

Luisen’s feet were smooth and soft–without a single callous. They were shapely and beautifully pale. Carlton was perplexed by his urge to fiddle and tickle them.

‘What is this? Why am I like this?’

It was just smelly feet; why was he feeling like this?

Carlton pushed down his incomprehensible impulse and continued to his goal. He washed Luisen’s feet with water he had taken from the village. Next, he carefully wiped the water droplets with cloth, massaging both feet and ankles. The muscles became softer as he skillfully massaged Luisen’s stiff calves. All this would make it easier for the young lord to walk tomorrow.

With ointment the mercenary had collected from the village, Calrton spread it on Luisen’s skin. During that entire time, Luisen was asleep–dead to the world.

Carlton grinned and chuckled, ‘Sleep well.’

If the young lord did not awake and was ignorant to someone fiddling with his feet, he must have been incredibly exhausted. Carlton felt proud that the lord didn’t show any signs of harships, as if the young lord had no desire to become a burden.

""



Carlton placed Luisen’s shoes and socks back on again. Fortunately, Luisen didn’t wake. Just imagining being caught secretly taking care of the young lord made Carlton cringe and wring his hands.

Carlton laid next to the young lord once more. Though the two had left the bonfire lit, the surroundings still felt cold and empty when the mercenary closed his eyes. The dead silence aroused anxiety within him.

He surreptitiously and gingerly hugged Luisen. Carlton could feel a warmth within his arms; when he closed his eyes, Carlton could hear Luisen’s breath mingling with his own. All this made the mercenary feel relieved.



***



Luisen woke the next morning nestled in Carlton’s embrace.

‘Was it really that cold during the night…?’

He couldn’t believe he hugged the mercenary even though they slept next to a bonfire. Luisen fiddled with his hair, embarrassed. Carlton stood up immediately, told the young lord that he would hunt some meat and to stay quiet, and departed into the woods.

If Luisen hadn’t regressed back into his younger body, he would have already reached thirty years of age; to think he’d be treated like a child now… Luisen pouted.

‘Come to think of it, how old is Carlton?’ Adding how old Luisen was before regression, the young lord was almost thirty years old now. He hadn’t asked the mercenary for his age, but it was unlikely the man would be over thirty years old.

‘I’m probably his hyung…?’ 1

The thought of Carlton calling him ‘hyung’ gave Luisen goosebumps, but at the same time the young lord was pleased by that thought.

‘Next time I should ask how old he is.’ With that thought in mind, Luisen waited, staring blankly at his surroundings. A short while after, Carlton returned. “There are no wild animals at all in these woods…”

Because the mercenary had promised to bring back meat, Carlton looked a little abashed. But something far more valuable than meat stood by the mercenary’s side. It looked like a horse, but much more foolish, small, and clumsy. It was a donkey with lovable long, pointed ears.

“Why do you have a donkey?” Luisen asked.

Looking at its reigns, there was little chance that it was a wild donkey. Luisen sprang to his feet and approached Carlton; the donkey brayed and shook its head playfully.

“One of the robbers told me about him a while ago. There was a donkey shared among the village, but ten days ago it ran away. I searched for it–just in case–and brought him here.”

“When did they tell you about him?”

“Oh, just a while ago–anyway, ride this guy from tomorrow onwards. He’s docile.” Carlton stroked the donkey’s neck. The donkey seemed so attached to the mercenary; it closed its eyes and looked as if it were smiling.

The donkey’s black, pleased pupils were so adorable. Luisen reached his hand out to pet it.

“Ah!”

The donkey moved to bite the young lord.

“It’s not docile at all,” Luisen pouted. This was docile? Unlike how it behaved with Carlton, the donkey glared combatively at the young lord.

“Why are you looking at me like that? You were so sweet and gentle to Carlton,” Luisen grumbled. The donkey huffed as if it found Luisen’s words absurd.

Carlton burst into laughter. “My duke really isn’t friendly with these fellows. My lord got along with none of the horses that were being raised in your castle.”

“Isn’t it that you’re just unnaturally good with them?” Luisen complained.

“These guys are just especially sensitive and wary. They don’t like it when you approach so carelessly.”

“For now, keep your distance and deliberately and cautiously showcase your approach. You must wait until he can properly sniff you.” Carlton demonstrated. The donkey ate the Buried Old Hag that Carlton offered with no hesitation.

“I think it just likes you.”

“Just try.”

Luisen hesitatingly reached out a Buried Old Hag towards the donkey. “H-Here…something tasty.”

The donkey didn’t budge one inch. ‘Honestly, what am I doing?’ Luisen thought about eating the Buried Old Hag himself, but Carlton glanced at the young lord, telling him to be patient. After a while, the donkey sniffed and carefully ate the root.

“!”

“Now, try slowly reaching out and touching him. Gently.”

Luisen cautiously reached out to stroke the donkey’s head. Its fur was softer and warmer than he had imagined. Because the donkey was chewing on the Buried Old Hag, its muscles moved fascinatingly beneath the young lord’s fingertips.

Luisen giggled softly. “He’s a bit cute.”

“Indeed.” Carlton’s attention was fixated on Luisen.

""



Under Carlton special instruction–and after much trial and error–Luisen was able to eventually ride atop the donkey’s back. Though the donkey was shorter than a horse, it was still a great hassle to climb up without a saddle or stirrup. Luisen felt a great sense of accomplishment and clapped his hands with Carlton’s. 2



***



The two began to move again. Luisen rode the donkey; Carlton led its reigns.

Thanks to that steed, they were able to travel comfortably and reach further distances. Luisen’s riding skills remained the same, but thanks to Carlton’s proper handling and comfort, the donkey never stopped in the middle of the road.

As his body began to relax and be at ease, Luisen was assaulted by the worries he had tried to ignore during the night. He was worried they may run into another strange group while walking down the mountain road–or maybe they’d encounter Ruger’s gang.

However, nothing happened. The monsters had driven away all the wild beasts; Carlton and Luisen felt like they were the only ones left in the world while travelling through the quiet and still forest.

The lord’s initial tension began to vanish; the two ambled onward as if they were on vacation. They shared trivial stories–though a few of their talks left a deep impression on each other–to relieve their boredom.





TL: I can’t tell….if Carlton has a foot fetish…or not…

And I don’t know how to feel about it O.O





Footnotes




hyung is what younger men call older men that they are close to or actually blood related to. It means brother, but, colloquially, it’s more than that. It’s akin to a form of address.

An old-timey high five lmao.





Chapter 51


Chapter 51



Luisen learned that Carlton had once lived in a stable, taking care of horses, before running away from home. “No wonder–so that’s why you’re so skilled at horseback riding. Is that also why you’re so good at handling this guy?” Luisen stroked the donkey’s back.

“I was just born with it. Even when I was a child, there was no adult that could ride horses better than me,” Carlton flattered himself. Though his words were irritating, there was no way to figure out if the mercenary was telling the truth; Luisen simply glared at his companion.

“Now that I think about it…back when you were left behind in the village near the castle…how did you do that? You called for the horse, right?” Cartlon spoke of the incident where Luisen was left behind in the village on the way to the Vinard territory. When Carlton came to rescue the young lord, everything was already a chaotic mess. However, Luisen was able to signal his location by silently whistling and drawing the horse’s attention.

“That signalling method–it’s to call back the horse after letting it loose in a pasture,” Carlton said.

“Ah, I learned from someone I used to know.”

“Is that perhaps the same person who gathered the sal-sal grass for you?”

“Yep. That person.” Luisen naturally talked about the one-armed pilgrim throughout the course of their conversation. He had no choice but to lie to hide the fact that he had regressed, fibbing on details such as when they met. But, Luisen’s ardent feelings for the one-armed pilgrim could not be hidden.

“He’s someone that has travelled to many places and helped those in need. Wise and merciful–he was a true saint.” As Luisen spoke, he gradually became more and more enthusiastic. The young lord boasted how great the one-armed pilgrim was–how the man had treated him well. “That man treated me incredibly well; he taught me a lot. Thanks to him, I was able to expand my horizons.”

“What did he teach you?”

“Mm…For example…If a stranger on the street were to slap my cheek, show him the other cheek.”

“Why?”

“He’ll be bewildered, right? He might even call me crazy. If I attack his vital point in the opportunity presented in that situation, I’ll be able to take him down in one shot. I’m not useful in a fight, so I must be creative.”

“…I don’t think that’s what your pilgrim meant.”

“That’s right–his words are more meaningful than that. I’m not too intelligent, so that’s all I could interpret.” Luisen smiled bitterly.

The more Carlton listened, the more his expression distorted. To the mercenary, the one-armed pilgrim was peerlessly suspicious. He doubted the pilgrim was that honorable.

However, he certainly understood that Luisen worshipped the man so much that the young lord squeezed whatever lesson he could from their interactions and engraved it into his heart. Luisen was like a believer in a cult or a young man fallen deep into his first love.

‘Does he really like that guy so much?’ Carlton felt annoyed for some reason. ‘Aren’t I better than that weirdo?’ Something different from anger welled up from within; the mercenary felt like something boiling inside.

As they talked, they escaped the mountains and arrived at an inn at the foot of the mountain path.

The aforementioned inn was a small cottage; it was old and dirty with a musty, fishy smell emanating from various corners. Luisen doubted the place would generate much money in such a deserted place, and the building’s condition was still grave.

As Carlton had said in the mountain, his men would leave clues about their positions in several places if they were ever separated. This inn was one of those places.

When they opened the door and entered, the scene that greeted them was even more of a spectacle. The room was dark and received no sunlight; it felt as if the air was hazy and full of unknown particles. Drunkards were day-drinking, paying no mind to whoever came in.

Luisen asked Carlton doubtfully, “Do you really think your men left a message for you at this sort of inn?”

“Yes.”

""



‘Well, if he says so.’ Luisen followed the mercenary to a table. Though he didn’t order anything, a man–the owner perhaps–placed some beer and unidentifiable mystery soup on the table. Luisen held up his spoon and hesitated.

“Don’t eat that.”

“……”

Following Carlton’s advice, Luisen lowered his spoon. “Why are we at an inn if we aren’t going to dine?”

The unfriendly owner snorted. Carlton neatly ignored the man. “I believe a friend of mine passed by this way not long ago.”

“Who knows? I have little idea who your friend is, but you can check that bulletin board over there.” The owner spun away from them. Luisen wondered why these innkeepers were all so unkind–when he was a wanderer, they would always chase him away with anything club-like.

In anycase, as the innkeeper said, there was a large wooden board perched against the wall in the far corner: a bulletin board that hosted rumors and newsletters from nearby villages or messages from fellow travellers. Luisen had also seen these at inns in the past.

Luisen and Carlton headed to the board; old and faded paper notes were pasted to its face. Since this location wasn’t often frequented by tourists, they were able to check all of the notes quickly.

“I don’t think we’re at the right place,” Luisen said, flustered. The young lord couldn’t find any note left by Carlton’s men. Besides, wasn’t it illogical to leave behind a note in such a public place after being attacked? Especially if the note’s content detailed secret meetup plans?

“No. This is it.” Carlton tore off one of the notes on the board. The note was a love letter to ‘My Dear Ennis.’ The content was something like ‘I miss you,’ and ‘The family’s gone on ahead, and I’m waiting for you with friends.’

“You shouldn’t touch another person’s love letter,” Luisen admonished sternly.

Though, he really couldn’t understand people who left love letters in such a shabby inn.

“This is it: Ennis. That’s the name of one of my lieutenants’ girlfriend.”

“?”

“This note is masquerading as a love letter.”

“Aha!” Luisen was convinced. ‘So, they’re using secret messages that only the members of his group would understand?’

“It’s exactly as it says. The family refers to our army; the friends must be a few key members. Perhaps when we disappeared, they divided themselves into two groups. One group takes the spoils to the capital and the other was left to search for us.”

“Ah, so that’s how you read it. But, the letter didn’t reveal where those men are, did it?”

“Ah, to know that, take a look at the peculiarly slanted letters.”

“Ah…” Luisen glanced at the paper for a while. He had no idea what the mercenary was talking about…He looked at Carlton with glum eyes, “You all…live such complicated lives. So systematic. My own army doesn’t go this far. Usually, don’t most mercenaries not know how to read, let alone write?”

“When we first conceived this system, it was quite a headache to establish. We really struggled to teach them; we had to capture members that ran away because they didn’t want to study.”

“Impressive.”

“It’s not so easy to drag around mercenaries while also being part of the prince’s entourage, you know.” Cartlon shrugged his shoulders; his expression belied self-pride.

Indeed, Luisen admired his self-made nature, easy masculinity, and his quick rise in status. “So, where are we to meet them?”

“Confosse.”

“Ah. There.”

Confosse Castle was located in a city at the crossroads between a large river that cut through the kingdom and a major road. Originally, it housed an important fortress for military endeavors, but the city naturally flourished because it was at the heart of transportation routes.

Because of that, nobles did not favor travelling through Confosse. They viewed it as a disorderly and congested castle that often had a transient, floating population of strangers.

“Have you ever been?” Carlton asked.

“No. If you go past that place, you’ll come across a lake. There’s a nice cottage there; that’s where I usually stayed.” Luisen had never even entered Confosse. If the Duke of Anies had dropped by, the residents would have begged him to stay the night.

“It’s disorganized and free. They don’t even inspect visitors at the gate.”

“They don’t conduct inspections?” Luisen was surprised. In this kingdom, people weren’t able to liberally move between most territories; access permits were usually required when entering castles.

“They don’t. Whether night or day, the castle gates are always open; they don’t mind who comes and goes,” Carlton responded.

“So, places like that exist? Hmm.”

“Therefore, all we have to do is go there–no other preparation needed. It’s a half a day’s worth of travel from our current location.”

“Really? Then, let’s go quickly.”

After properly organizing the letter within their belongings, Luisen and Carlton left the inn and began to travel again. At the thought of reuniting with Carlton’s men, energy surged throughout their bodies.



****************



Outside Confosse Castle’s walls.



Luisen and Carlton hid themselves in the bushes as they gazed over at Confosse’s gates. An unexpected trouble awaited them.

There was a checkpoint and a long line in front of the castle gates. Contrary to Carlton’s words, four soldiers stood at the gate, carefully examining the IDs, passes, and luggage of those entering.

“I thought you said the doors were always open here.”

“That is what I said–it wasn’t like this the last time I came.” Carlton didn’t expect this at all.

“Is there something happening? More than that, do you have your ID?”

“I don’t. What about the duke?”

“…I’ve never travelled around with my identification.”

Carlton gave a sneaky glance towards Luisen. Though he couldn’t properly see his face underneath the hood, the young lord’s jawline and facial shape were slim and beautiful. It was clear he wasn’t an ordinary man. “You certainly have an impactful face; it’d be best to take more care to hide it.” Carlton pulled Luisen’s hood down over his chin as well.

“No…I’m not talking about my face…”

Being part of a family as prominent as the Anies meant that, even without an ID, all castle gates opened for him; the lords of that territory would run out, barefoot, to greet him.





TL: So, short translator note that doesn’t really fit in any one footnote:

It’s really hard to consider what to do about dialogue here. Carlton has become much more polite to Luisen than he had been in the beginning of the novel…but he’s not speaking very flowery or prose-y either. He’s quite brusque–but politely brusque–while maintaining all formalities and respect he should maintain with a noble. In a sense, he’s admitting Luisen’s high status.

…And yet that’s really hard to convey in dialogue especially bc English doesn’t have hierarchical formality sort of engraved into their language. Still >.< I hope this was somewhat informative.





Chapter 52


Chapter 52



“In any case…what should we do? We must enter the castle to find your men, but I don’t think that’ll be a brief checkpoint.”

The atmosphere outside the castle gates seemed too grave to be a singular, unexpected event.

“That’s true. Perhaps I should wait for night to fall and then climb the walls.”

“Climb the walls? The castle walls?” Surprised, Luisen looked between the walls and Carlton. His companion declared he would climb the wall–which looked to be as tall as a three-story building–without a ladder?

“It’ll be difficult and take a long time, but there’s no choice. I’ll carry my lord on my back.”

“What? Are you even a human being? Answer me truthfully. Your ancestry isn’t mixed with trolls or the like, right?”

“I’m joking,” Carlton said nonchalantly. However, Luisen thought it truly might have been possible for Carlton–after all, this man had jumped off a waterfall with the young lord.

Luisen felt dizzy. He couldn’t do this; Luisen needed to step forward. “…Let’s enter normally. Properly, with our two feet.”

“Do you have a plan?”

“Well…a haphazard one…Follow me.” Luisen took the lead; Carlton followed obediently behind, holding the donkey’s reins. For the past few days, Luisen had walked while staring at Carlton’s back; now their positions had been reversed. It felt strange. The two stopped and circled around the castle gates.

Luisen wasn’t aiming for the front nor the back of the castle but instead the ambiguous sides. Places that bordered the nearby forests and were particularly overgrown. Luisen concentrated in his search for those spots.

Beside the thick walls was an unusually gnarled and well-grown tree. After brushing a branch to the side, the two could see a window behind them. It was just large enough for an adult man to squeeze through to enter the castle. However, the issue was the iron plates that blocked the window.

“Who knew that this would be here. However, this way is properly blocked.” Carlton tapped at the iron plates. “I think it’ll make a loud noise if I were to pull it off forcefully.”

“That’s not what you do–there’s a trick to everything.” Luisen picked up a fallen branch and, following the young lord’s know-how, wedged the branch in the bricks around the iron plates. The bricks that were firmly welded to the iron plates began to shake. Carlton noted what Luisen wanted to do and pulled at the iron plates to add more force. Then, the plate, with the bricks attached, fell off.

“For something like this, don’t focus on the iron plate. It’s easy to pull out if you extract the surrounding bricks,” Luisen said.

“Have you ever been to Confosse?”

“No. It’s my first time here, but castles usually have secret entrances 1 like these.”

No matter how open the castle gates may have usually been, there would always be people who had no desire to enter through legal means.

Luisen shrugged his shoulders.

“Did you learn all this from the pilgrim as well?” Carlton asked.

“No, I learned this from someone else.”

The one-armed pilgrim carried a pilgrim’s pass and could confidently come and go from the main gates. Luisen learned this know-how from a generous beggar the young lord had met during his travels. In other words, this was a secret method available to those who couldn’t enter the gates on their own merits.

Luisen and Carlton entered the castle through the window. Luisen wanted to bring the donkey with him, but the poor beast wouldn’t be able to fit through the window. Therefore, they were forced to let it roam free outside. Since the donkey had survived well in the woods on its own, it should be alright.

The window was connected to a deserted dead-end.

“Where should we go from here?”

“Let’s first go to the central plaza.”

“The plaza has things like bulletin boards, right?” Luisen had thought he had seen something similar to the boards in these plazas before. He had wondered who would ever use such things, but it seemed like people–for example, Carlton–actually utilized them.

Luisen neatly groomed his clothes and made sure his face was well hidden; Carlton gave him the go-ahead. Afterwards, the two walked naturally out to the main road and mixed in with the crowds. Carlton’s physique was somewhat conspicuous, but he suffered nothing more than a few glances–this castle housed a mercenary’s guild, after all.

The castle’s inner structure was quite ordinary, so it was easy for the two to locate the plaza. The place was so crowded–a minor pandemonium. There were two bulletin boards here. One board contained the presiding lord’s commands and decrees or other news relevant to those in the fief; the other could be used freely by anyone.

It was hard for the two to approach the bulletin boards because too many people were crowding them, but Luisen had Carlton. Whenever Cartlon frowned and strode forth, the nearby people automatically moved aside.

“It’s here.” The note was easy to find; similar to the one found in the inn, the note was addressed to ‘my beloved Ennis.’ However, the note’s content was vastly different; the note didn’t pretend to be a shy love letter nor were there secret passwords hidden within. The writer had left behind an incredibly concise comment.

[XX is doomed]

‘……?’

Did Luisen see wrong? “Am I reading things incorrectly? There’s something strange written there. Are you sure this is correct?”

“I believe it’s the right one.” Carlton also looked perplexed.

“It’s saying something went wrong?”

“……” Carlton looked at the note with a grave expression. Then, he suddenly rushed at the official, lordly bulletin board. He pushed everyone away and stood at the front; there, he could clearly see a prominent official decree.

Luisen stuttered as he read, “The Duke of Anies has been kidnapped…The culprit is…Carlton…?”

‘Me? I’ve been kidnapped?’

No matter how many times Luisen read the official decree, the content didn’t change. The decree was authorized by the duchy–the Duke of Anies had been abducted by Carlton; if anyone knows relevant information, they should send a report. The general, authorized as an official agent of the territory, had signed the decree at the bottom, so the paper had not been forged.

“So, this is saying…” Alarmed, Luisen looked at Carlton before looking once more at the crumpled note in the mercenary’s hand.

[XX is doomed]

The succinct letters seared themselves into the young lord’s eyes.

Doomed.

Yeah. It seemed so.

‘Just what’s happening here, General?!’ Luisen shouted inwardly at his retainers back at the duchy. Even though he was puzzled, he could hear the noisy sounds from those gathered around the bulletin board.

“Apparently a bunch of mercenaries and soldiers gave pursuit to the duke during their battle; in the bedlam, the duke was captured and taken away. Apparently, those people were Carlton’s men.”

“Are you certain? I heard that man’s army went north and brought back some enormous trophy.”

Carlton’s men must have managed to only leave behind this one note before being taken away by some soldiers. Luisen looked over at Carlton, whose face had turned pale. Carlton couldn’t have missed what Luisen had just heard.

“Isn’t the noble butcher the prince’s right-hand man? So, why did he kidnap one of the great lords?”

“I suppose he went insane.”

“He’s a peasant who’s elevated his status to well beyond his means–do you think he’d be sane?”

Carlton’s felt like his insides were boiling. Sure, he’d killed a few aristocrats–sure he’d bullied them–but that was acceptable in civil war time. He had no motive to kidnap anyone, nor was there evidence that he had ever kidnapped Luisen.

However, Carlton was treated as a criminal just because he and Luisen had disappeared together; his men were unfairly captured. He felt so unfairly wronged and furious.

‘Ruger, the real asshole who tried to kidnap Luisen, was an aristocrat; it was obvious that the person behind Ruger would be of noble blood as well. However, my men and I are treated like this just because we’re of low birth?’ Carlton rolled his eyes.

​​Anger sprouted from within his heart. He wanted to wring the necks of those laughing. When the mercenary reached out–about to follow his anger and swing at those around him–Luisen quickly grabbed Carlton’s arm. “Calm down, hm? Just hold it in for now.”

Luisen revealed his blue eyes from underneath his hood. Carlton paused, anger momentarily abated, when he saw the young lord’s distorted expression–as if he had been personally insulted.

“I’ll listen to whatever you say–whatever curses you want to shout. Okay?” Luisen’s soothing voice was slightly unstable.

Carlton finally remembered his surroundings. ‘That’s right, I’m not alone. Now’s not the time to go wild; it’s time to be patient. I still have to protect Luisen.’

With that thought, his anger quickly subsided. “I apologize. I just felt so furious, I…”

Come to think of it, Luisen had warned the mercenary to watch his temper before. Carlton eyed the young lord.

Luisen was just relieved that Carlton had calmed down. His temper would eventually be his downfall. Still, what a relief–the mercenary had endured the comments well.

“Let’s first go someplace quiet,” Luisen said.

“Yes.”

The two slipped out of the plaza, climbed through the same castle window, and exited the castle entirely. The donkey was grazing on grass. When the donkey saw the two, it approached Luisen and placed its head on the young lord.

What a happy-go-lucky fellow. The donkey’s fur was short and rough, but Luisen felt his trembling heart calm down as he gently stroked the steed. Perhaps this was why people raised pets. Luisen grabbed Carlton’s hand and placed it on the donkey’s head so that the mercenary might also receive some comfort.

“To think they would think you kidnapped me. How could all news of the real kidnapper and the monster attack just vanish into thin air? What do you think?” Luisen asked.

“It’s probably all Ruger’s doing,” Carlton said with conviction. “Nobody knows he’s a spy, correct? The only ones in the know are my lord and I–and we’ve disappeared together. It’s understandable they would think I’ve kidnapped my lord.”

“How is it understandable? No matter how one looks at it, you’re not the kind of person to kidnap anyone.” Luisen refuted his companion’s words, but Carlton had a point.





TL: As for what’s going in XX is doomed, the original had only one X. I wonder what they were trying to say.

And RIP Carlton.





Footnotes




개구멍 = Dog-hole. Basically small entrances that animals (or people) can come and go through. Slang for secret/hidden/illegal entrances.





Chapter 53


Chapter 53



There was a high chance that Ruger had returned to the duchy, acted like a faithful servant, and spread false information. If that weren’t the case, why would Carlton be accused of kidnapping Luisen?

“…I apologize. You came to help me, but were repaid with accusations. Your men needlessly suffered as well.” Luisen felt heavy with guilt–if he had simply returned to the castle without insisting on travelling forth to the capital, Carlton would at least not be framed for his kidnapping.

“No, this is actually better. Looking at this situation, I’m certain that returning to the duchy would be the same as walking into his hands.”

“Still…”

“It’s better to be accused of kidnapping my lord than for you to have actually been kidnapped. At the very least, your safety is assured.” Carlton coughed, a little shy. “My men…they are not weak. If my duke arrives at the capital, safe and sound, their charges will naturally be cleared.”

“That’s right. I’ll never forget all that you and your men have suffered. When we reach the capital, I’ll make sure to see that you’re paid several times over for these troubles,” Luisen firmly declared.

Carlton chuckled as he looked at the young lord, who had resolutely clenched his fist. Hardships change people–the person would not be the same before and after. 1 This especially applies to the aristocracy. Carlton did not believe in promises made by nobles, but he was convinced that Luisen would surely keep today’s promise.

“Though perhaps this conversation should be shelved until we reach the capital.”

“Ah, that’s right…” Luisen sighed weakly. “Your men have all scattered…You’ve become a kidnapper…Ruger is still looking for me with all his might… He’s even host to some unidentified power and has the support of some unknown comrades…”

The two were in an abysmal situation.

The rescuing party was taken away as criminals; Carlton became a wanted man. These simple accusations were likely to be undone if Luisen came forward and proclaimed he wasn’t kidnapped, but Ruger wasn’t likely to give them this opportunity. Perhaps he’d stage another monster attack.

Burdened by these criminal charges, it wasn’t easy for the two to go to the capital. All Luisen and Carlton had to their name were their bodies and a donkey.

That was perhaps enough to cross the mountains for a few days, but the road to the capital was long and difficult. If they were to follow the main road, they had to cross the river with a boat and cross through various fiefdoms. Of course, the two needed artifices to prove their identities while travelling.

The two needed to hide their true identities, though, to avoid Ruger’s notice and to avoid Carlton’s capture as a kidnapper.

“We’ll have to hide our identities…if we hide our faces, others will think we’re dubious individuals…We have no money either…” How had Luisen travelled to the North all by himself in the previous timeline? He had just run like crazy–as if he were being chased. Now that he thought about it, Luisen felt something was suspect.

‘Come to think of it, that’s strange. How was I, alone, able to go so far–when I had no energy nor strength?’

At that time, Luisen had been suffering from the delusion that someone was chasing him, but now that he was thinking objectively, no one had been looking for him. No matter how his estate and territory were ruined–even if all the retainers had died… No matter how ridiculed Luisen was…Even if he was a shame to all nobility, someone would probably have searched for him, either to profit off his perceived wealth or his status as a great lord.

‘Am I just remembering wrong? Was I too harried to observe what was happening around me? Or, did that have anything to do with Ruger’s gang?’ Luisen inadvertently grabbed his head. It felt very disturbing and depressing to doubt his own experiences.

Just as Luisen was about to spiral again, Carlton spoke out and cut off the young lord’s string of thought, “Let’s disguise ourselves.”

“What disguise?”

“If you disguise yourself as a pilgrim, you won’t be suspected even if you were to cover your face.”

“Of course–all pilgrims cover their faces and hide their names.”

Pilgrims didn’t settle down in one place and wandered around the kingdom, deeply contemplating upon the teachings of God. In this era, it was one of the few jobs in which people could wander around from place to place with no set destination. Since it was common for them to hide their faces and their name, as Carlton said, a pilgrim was a perfect disguise for those that wanted to shroud their true identities.

However, someone could not become a pilgrim just by wearing a hood and claiming to be one. A pilgrim carried several necessities: a bible, a holy item, and a pass issued by the Church. In particular, the pass was what guaranteed one’s status as a pilgrim; one could be recognized as a pilgrim if they had a pass, even if they didn’t have the other items.

“We don’t have a pass. That’s something that can’t be forged–the Church engraves its signature into such things,” Luisen said.

“That’s alright.” Carlton suddenly untied his trousers.

“What are you doing?!” Luisen shouted as he shut his eyes tight–the young lord had even covered the donkey’s eyes.

Carlton chuckled and laughed mischievously, “It’s nothing that my lord hasn’t seen before, why are you making such a fuss? In fact, you’ve done more than just seeing ‘it.'”

He referred to the time Luisen had knelt down in front of the mercenary and attempted to take off his trousers. Luisen’s ears burned bright red, “Back then…I only untied your drawstrings. Technically, I didn’t take off your pants.”

“Yes, yes. And, this time also, I won’t take them off. I’m merely untying the strings.”

Luisen peeked through narrowed, half-closed eyes; Carlton really didn’t take off his pants. The mercenary reached inside and tore off a bag that had been sewn inside the pant cloth. He then re-tied the strings again. There was a round piece of copper within that bag.

“Just what is that for you to hide it inside your pants?”

“This is a pilgrim’s pass.”

“What? That?” Luisen furrowed his brows as he observed the metal fragment–it looked nothing like a pass. “I’ve seen a pilgrim’s pass once before. It was far more delicate and beautiful than this. Also, it was made of silver. We can’t scam anyone with such a clumsy fake.”

“This truly is authentic. I gilded its surface to dissuade robbers. If we take this to a blacksmith, he’ll know what to do.”

“It really is a pilgrim’s pass, then? Why do you have this?”

“I found it on a dead pilgrim’s corpse. I saved it for instances where accidents happen and I’ll need to escape quickly–I’ve been holding onto it like a life-saving elixir.” Carlton continued to say that this was incredibly *incredibly* precious.

Luisen was astonished at the mercenary’s meticulousness. The rumor–one that had been a common conspiracy theory before the young lord’s regression–that Carlton had not been executed but, instead, had escaped had suddenly risen in plausibility. “But, we only have one pass, don’t we?”

“I’m planning to disguise myself as a mercenary. Pilgrims from wealthy families often hire mercenaries as a guide.”

“Mmhm, that’s right. As a mercenary and pilgrim, we may stand out, but at least we won’t be taken away for being too suspicious. As for pilgrims, religious folk will occasionally provide them with food, a place to sleep, and sometimes money… We won’t have to worry about travel expenses.”

“Do you think you can pretend to be a pilgrim?”

“That’s easy enough.” As Luisen followed the one-armed pilgrim around, he had watched his movements and actions closely. He knew intimately how pilgrims behaved when talking about faith and dealing with believers. It wouldn’t even be hard to imitate him.

Carlton’s plan was very feasible; Luisen immediately agreed.

“Let’s return to the castle’s city. After stopping by the mercenary’s guild and blacksmith’s shop, we’ll finally have our identities. Let’s stay underneath a decent roof for the first time in a long while,” Carlton said.

“Ah, wait. But we’ll need immediate spending money.” Since the mercenary had taken out his hidden ace, Luisen couldn’t sit still. Luisen took off his hood and brushed his hair to one side. “Cut it.”

“Your hair?”

“Yes. Long, golden hair sells for a large amount. I haven’t cut mine for that reason–just in case.”

Before regression, when Luisen ran out of money and was left to suck on his fingers in hunger, someone had approached him and suggested he sell his hair. At that moment, Luisen found out that hair could be used as currency. Since then, he had often cut and sold his hair. Although, after some time, his nutrition had deteriorated enough that he couldn’t grow enough hair to sell.

Because of such memories, even after waking in the new timeline, the young lord had grown his hair without trimming it. Even if Ruger had suggested a small trim, Luisen adamantly refused.

“Did you expect to find yourself in this sort of situation?” Carlton asked.

“How could I? I’m someone who loathes throwing out small pieces of bread–it’s a waste to trim my hair.”

An aristocrat who refused to cut his hair because he couldn’t afford one loaf of bread–that man was the owner of a land where fields of wheat flowed out past the horizon. Carlton was simultaneously dumbfounded and saddened. How was it that a noble like him learned how to sell his hair?

“Now, hurry,” Luisen urged.

Carlton took out his dagger and carefully grasped Luisen’s hair with his opposite hand. Luisen’s hair was rich in color and shiny–like real gold. The texture beneath the mercenary’s fingertips was surprisingly soft…yet smooth and taut as well.

Anyone would be jealous and want to covet this hair. In addition, it suited Luisen so incredibly well. The young lord had a beautiful jawline and delicate, elegant features; he looked like a lovely, gilded statue.

Carlton couldn’t help but rub the golden strands.





TL: For a mercenary, Carlton sure waxes poetic on how hot he finds Luisen.

Also, thank you so much, Kate, for the Ko-fi! This bonus chap is dedicated to you!

Sadly, I’ll probably have to slow down next week (thesis writing + I’m currently sick T_T) As always, I have my schedule on Discord so ya’ll can grab updates from me.





Footnotes




The original is actually an idiom: a person before going to the bathroom and after going to the bathroom is not the same. Hilarious, but this doesn’t flow as well in English!





Chapter 54


Chapter 54



Carlton couldn’t help but to paw at Luisen’s hair. “It’s such a waste.”

“My hair will grow again.”

“That’s true, but…”

It’s true, cutting one’s hair wasn’t a big deal. However it didn’t sit right with Carlton that the young lord was cutting his hair for money. Cutting and selling their hair was a last resort for wives of poor families.

“Besides, there’s nothing better than this for quick money,” Luisen said.

The young lord’s words were correct. Because they had no coin on them currently, it would be hard to restore the pilgrim’s pass. The mercenary had been considering hiding Luisen up in a tree and breaking into the castle, alone, to steal the money. However, it was far better to sell hair than to steal. Still, Carlton couldn’t help but hesitate.

Luisen looked sullenly at Carlton before deciding to take care of it himself. “Give it to me.”

Luisen took the dagger from Carlton’s hand. Without a moment’s hesitation, the young lord grabbed his hair and cleanly cut it off. The dagger was incredibly sharp because Carlton had been grinding it against the whetstone this morning; before the mercenary could stop him, Luisen had cut his hair.

“Okay, that’s enough, right?” Luisen handed the bundle of hair to Carlton.

The mercenary looked down at the strands in his hand. It was beautiful–like a bushel of golden thread–but Carlton’s mind felt conflicted.

The mercenary tore his gaze away from the golden hair and looked at Luisen. Because the young lord had cut just below his ears, his hair began to spread out in all directions; it was as if a mouse had begun nibbling at its ends. Carlton couldn’t laugh at all–instead, his heart felt weighty at how bare the lord’s neck looked.

In the past, one of Carlton’s men once drunkenly said that he became a mercenary because his wife had sold her hair for money. He had chosen this tough job because of his self loathing–he hated himself for being so incompetent, causing his wife to sell her hair. Carlton didn’t understand at that time; it was just hair. It’ll grow again with time–how insignificant.

Luisen wasn’t Carlton’s wife, but now the mercenary understood his men’s feelings.

He’d never felt so powerless and incompetent before. Carlton was someone who took pride in his capabilities–it defined his identity.

“…Just this time. This won’t happen again. Whatever may happen, I’ll make sure we’re not short of money,” Carlton vowed. Whether through hunting or manual labor, this would never happen again.

“Well…do as you please?” Luisen said.

‘Does Sir Carlton really hate being in my debt?’ Contemplating on Carlton’s strange obsessions, Luisen drew the hood over his head once again.



***



The two re-entered the castle. As a city often frequented by a lot of tourists, Confosse’s back alleys were also quite bustling. It was a perfect place for fencing and laundering items secretly. 1

It wasn’t that hard to sell hair. Although hair was often sold at a bargain, Luisen’s hair was long and well-maintained–smooth, taut, and authentically blonde. That particular hair color was quite rare, so it made the strands more valuable than market price. On top of that, Carlton won a few more coins through some haggling and intimidation.

Looking at that, Luisen’s insides boiled. ‘Wow, when I first sold my hair, I got less than half this price.’

However skilled Carlton may have been at bargaining, the price difference was just too much! He must have given away his hair back then for way too cheap. At the time, Luisen knew wigs were made of human hair, but he had no concept of money or how much his hair was worth. Back then, he had just been happy that he could get money at all for something like that.

Carlton didn’t know how much hair was usually sold for either. Instead, Carlton knew how to bargain by observing his customer’s reaction.

‘I should have done that. What a shame…’ Luisen thought.

It was all in the past, but Luisen still felt wasteful. When he recalled how he had happily agreed after being offered a small amount of money, Luisen felt an urge to punch the air. Instead, the young lord clenched his fists.

Carlton noticed Luisen’s body language–the mercenary imagined that, no matter how at ease the noble seemed as he offered to sell his hair, no noble would be happy with resorting to an impoverished wife’s tactics. Though the other may have pretended this was a trivial matter, he was sure to feel slightly hurt.

Carlton felt sorry for Luisen, patted him on the shoulder, and offered him words of comfort. “Since we have money now, let’s eat a long-awaited decent meal for dinner.”

At Carlton’s consoling, Luisen smiled and nodded. One of Luisen’s strengths was his ability to move on without much regret. The two continued on, ignorant of the minor misunderstanding that passed between them.

Holding their money, Luisen and Carlton searched for a blacksmith. Located in the same alley, there was an old blacksmith that mainly handled stolen goods; he was a perfect candidate for keeping secrets because the man was illiterate and mute. The blacksmith worked robotically on the pilgrim’s pass without questioning them.

When the bronze attached to the surface was peeled off, the pilgrim’s pass’s original appearance was revealed. The silver plaque was engraved with the Church’s symbol–the sign for ‘light.’ The brilliant and chilling hue spread out in all directions in the form of rays. Even those that were ignorant of the symbol’s true meaning would recognize that this was not an ordinary object from its sophistication.

After exiting the alley, Luisen threaded a leather string through the pass and hung it around his neck.

Now that Luisen’s fake identity had been secured, it was Carlton’s turn next. They continued down the same road and entered the mercenary’s guild, and there they requested a mercenary plaque issued in the name of someone from Carlton’s company. The mercenary said that he had lost his plaque when he had encountered a robber on his way here.

At first, the guild staff looked at Carlton and Luisen with open suspicion and refused to issue the plaque. Honestly, how could they have entered the heavily fortified castle gate without proper identification or a mercenary’s plaque? In addition, Carlton looked far more like a bandit than a mercenary. It was reasonable for the staff to believe that Carlton may be the robber and not the robbed.

However, when Luisen stealthily showed the staff his pilgrim’s pass, all doubt was cleared. The employee gladly made a new plaque. “Why didn’t you say you were hired to escort an honored pilgrim earlier?”

These passes were issued and managed by the Church; it was a guarantee of one’s status and devotion. Therefore, those with pilgrim’s passes were protected and formally recognized by the Church. No other proof of identity was needed. Under that logic, a mercenary hired by such a pilgrim was also indirectly under the protection and employ of the Church, so no further proof was needed for them either.

“This really works!” Luisen was surprised. He had learned that the pilgrim’s pass was quite useful as he’d followed around the one-armed saint, but he didn’t know the extent of its influence.

“That is what I’ve said. With that, no matter what you look like, you can avoid inspections wherever you go.”

“Still, I thought they’d ask where we came from and what we intend to do here.”

“Most common folk are afraid to have their faith called into question. They may make the Church unhappy by uselessly interrogating pilgrims about this and that.”

Luisen nodded. That was true. This kingdom believed in one god, and the Church’s opinion was reflected in all of the kingdom’s greatest events. The clergy was never missing from official ceremonies, and these matters often followed religious procedures detailed by the Church. As a result, the Church’s influence was quite strong in the people’s daily lives. Priests often were local leaders in rural villages, where the Lord’s governmental influence was weak.

​​Luisen had previously lived a decadent life as a recognized noble trash–all his friends were the same. They had never been very religiously conscious. In his mind, he imagined the Church as a place where kind priests gave out food as charity.

In any case, after recognizing the power of the pilgrim’s pass, Luisen looked at Carlton with new eyes. “With something like this as a hidden ace, you could have travelled the world with no fear! Everyone would have believed you.”

“I must seem like a very temperamental man, but I’m not thoughtless,” Carlton spoke arrogantly.

Luisen was dumbfounded. ‘If you’re aware of your own temper, then shouldn’t you try to reign that in…?’ As he thought that, Luisen fiddled with his pass. Did Carlton really use this in the previous timeline? Now, though, there was no way to know for sure.



***



Going forward, the pilgrim’s pass proved very useful. The two left the shady alley and walked confidently on bright, sunlit streets. Because they had been wandering the mountains, they looked dirty and shabby; the two were unrivalled in ruggedness in Confosse’s streets.

The combination of Carlton’s unapproachable atmosphere and Luisen’s tightly covered body should have been quite suspicious. And yet, no one doubted them.

When the two went shopping, the merchants were reluctant to sell at first but changed their behavior once they saw the pilgrim’s pass. Some weren’t completely friendly, but by and large the merchants treated the two well rather than ignoring them or chasing them away. Even the vigilant guards, who were questioning the passersby, smiled at the pass and walked by.

Thanks to that, Luisen and Carlton were able to safely buy what they needed and obtain a room in a clean and decent inn.





TL: I see you, mr mercenary, comparing Luisen to a wife.

Also, I cackled at this exchange:

Carlton: “This won’t happen again, I’ll be the best sugar dad”

Luisen: “Whatever you say, Jan.”





Footnotes




Fencing = selling stolen items. Laundering = turning dirty money into legal money.





Chapter 55


Chapter 55



The room they had gotten at the inn was small but neat: two beds alongside a bathtub. They had said they wanted to bathe immediately, so the employees brought bathwater right away. Luisen, realizing how dirty he was as he walked around the streets of Confosse and compared himself to others, took off his clothes and went inside the bathroom to clean.

He meticulously washed away the accumulated sweat and dirt. When he thoroughly soaked himself inside the bathtub, a sigh automatically released from his throat. It finally felt like he was able to rest properly. In the mountains, sleep felt more like falling unconscious rather than resting for the night. Immersing himself until the water was up to the tip of his nose, Luisen blankly reminisced on all that had happened.

He had been attacked by monsters; Ruger was revealed as a spy. He had walked here, nonstop, with Carlton, and now he was posing as a pilgrim.

He was struck by how many things had happened–from the duchy to Confosse. It was an incredibly difficult and hectic journey.

‘I’d have had more trouble without Carlton.’

Since before regression, he had memories of wandering around the kingdom, he probably would have somehow wandered until he reached the capital. However, he was sure to have taken more time and encountered more difficulties. Even now, he would still probably be wandering around in the mountains. The feeling of being lost when he had woken from the cave was still fresh in the young lord’s mind.

Carlton was incredibly competent. As he watched the man from the side, Luisen realized how the man had overcome the limitations of his status, quickly emerged as the powerful right arm of the prince, and gained fame throughout the kingdom. Carlton was someone who, if he was dropped stark naked in enemy territory, could return in great success, draped in silk.

‘If I follow Carlton well, at least I won’t starve to death.’

The memory of Carlton bargaining during the day, cutting merchants’ prices in half and even obtaining a peach as a bonus for their purchase, made Luisen’s heart flutter. ‘Food automatically appears before talented people!’

He had thought the mercenary would be smart and strong, but who would have expected such worldly survival knowledge? What did Carlton even lack? An even temper?

‘To be fair, his temper is a problem. That temper even ruined his livelihood….’

As expected–there was no perfect person in this world, Luisen realized. Life had an element of fairness.

After thinking of this and that, Luisen finally left the bathtub because his body had gotten too warm. He wiped his body with a washcloth, but he had neglected to bring a change of clothes into the bathroom.

‘I don’t really wanna wear my used clothes…’

Though his old clothes were crafted by artisans using expensive cloth, they had already been transformed into rags. They smelled, and Luisen’s skin itched just from looking at them. It felt uncomfortable to wear these dirty things after finally managing to take a bath.

Luisen sneakily inched open the bathroom door and looked into the room. The new clothes, alongside other items they bought, laid on the table.

‘Did Carlton go somewhere?’

The mercenary wasn’t in the room.

‘How fortuitous.’

Luisen rushed into the room and grabbed his new clothes–baggy pants and a flowy, one-size-fits-all tunic.They were sewn from coarse cloth, cheap and incomparable to Luisen’s original clothes. However, the new clothes were far hardier. Furthermore, the young lord could also be more active since the clothes didn’t wrap tightly around his body.

​​Just as Luisen wore his new underwear and was tucking his legs into the pants, the door opened, and Carlton entered. Luisen had thought a stranger had appeared and moved to hide but was relieved when he saw the mercenary. “Did you also wash up? We should have washed together.”

“…The room next door was empty, so I used the bathroom there.” Carlton responded half a beat late, but Luisen didn’t notice any of that. The young lord’s attention was on the mercenary’s hair–Carlton’s hair color had changed to a rich, dark brown. Though the hair color had only changed slightly, the mercenary seemed to give off a softer impression.

“How did you do that to your hair?” the young lord asked.

“…I soaked it in beer.”

“Well done. The slight change of color makes you look like a completely different person.”

Carlton and Luisen’s descriptions were written on the wanted poster. Changing hair color would put them out of the direct line of suspicion-what a good idea.

Luisen also thought of dyeing his hair, but his face was more conspicuous than anything else. No matter what hair color he chose, his features looked incredibly aristocratic. It would be better to cover his face with a hood.

With a nod, Luisen finished putting on his pants. The mercenary stood there, motionless, still gazing at the young lord. No matter how dense Luisen was, the young lord couldn’t help but notice the persistent gaze.

​​Luisen rolled his eyes awkwardly. Because of his looks and status, he was admired by both men and women. In his experience, those who looked at him with ardent desire were hiding a black heart within that passionate gaze.

‘No way! Him? For someone like me…? There’s no chance…’

Luisen hesitated before mustering up his courage to ask, “Why…are you looking at me like that…?”

“…I chose your clothes by roughly estimating your size with my eyes, but they fit well. I was worried they’d be too large.”

“Ah! Of course. The clothes.”

That was that. His companion wasn’t an ordinary person–he was Carlton. Not long ago, he had been beset by the man’s aggression and war tactics. ‘I’ve never heard of Carlton being interested in another man.’ Luisen quickly threw away his momentary suspicion.

‘How could a man like Carlton be interested in someone like me, just because I had cleaned up and recovered my looks? I was overconfident.’ Feeling embarrassed, Luisen quickly donned his tunic. How could he have had such an insane misunderstanding about such a decent person?

""



The young lord suddenly noticed Carlton was holding something. “What is in your hand?”

“…Scissors. I borrowed them from the innkeeper. I thought it would be good to trim your hair.”

That didn’t matter too much since Luisen was going to cover himself with the hood. However, Luisen felt like he needed to accept the mercenary’s sincerity–after all, the man already had the scissors in hand. He nodded. He pulled the table’s chair closer and sat down.

Carlton stood behind Luisen. Preparations for the trim–wrapping cloth around Luisen’s neck and taking the scissors out of its sheath–followed. Night had fallen, so they lit a candle. Because of the dim light, Carlton stepped closer to the young lord.

“I’ll go ahead and cut it.” Carlton swept back Luisen’s hair with his large hands and began to cut–bit by bit–from the bottom. It was quite repetitive, grabbing a section of the hair and snipping. Carlton was so focused, silently touching the young lord’s hair.

Since others have always cut his hair, Luisen was used to this sort of situation. He felt nervous for some reason, though. Was it because of Carlton? Was it because Carlton was standing behind him with scissors?

It was a bit hard to pinpoint where Carlton’s hands were touching. The hand holding his hair was light and unnecessarily stroked at his golden strands. Everytime Carlton did so, the young lord’s scalp tickled; Luisen could help but wriggle his hands and feet.

Luisen’s gaze wandered here and there before finally looking at the window. Carlton, as seen through the reflection in the glass, directed his serious, grave expression to the young lord.

Luisen’s ears flushed red. Carlton, in one fell swoop, brushed Luisen’s side hairs. As the mercenary did so, his fingertips idolently brushed past Luisen’s earlobe.

“Nngh!” Startled, the young lord looked behind him. He met Carlton’s indifferent gaze. It didn’t seem like Carlton was acting in his own self-interest–perhaps he had been too sensitive, yet again. Luisen smiled awkwardly and turned around. Once more, Carlton resumed his strokes.

‘He should just roughly cut the hair. Nobody is going see me anyway…’

Luisen felt that it was weird to use so much effort for something trivial.

He still vividly remembered the time he had crawled between Carlton’s legs. The tingling atmosphere that made the young lord’s hair stand on end; the mercenary’s hot gaze looking down at him. Those memories made it harder for the young lord to sit still. Luisen swallowed dry saliva and moistened his lips with his tongue.

He tried to look blank and thoughtless in his efforts to not seem weird.

Snip Snip.

​​The sounds of scissors cutting filled the room. In between each snip, Luisen could hear Carlton’s breaths. Outside the window, people laughed and chattered, but none of that entered Luisen’s ears.The rest of the world sounded so distant–like echoes from a different realm. In this room, the sounds of the mercenary–the mercenary’s breaths and the sounds of scissors—was everything.

‘Let’s not misunderstand anything. This is Carlton. Carlton.’

Luisen wished he could be broad-minded and confident, but once he started to be conspicuous of the other’s touch, his attention couldn’t help but focus on these instances. Warmth spread from his ear, and now his face felt like it was burning up. Luisen kept his mouth shut from embarrassment and bashfulness.

It was obvious to Carlton that the young lord’s neck was becoming more and more tense and that his ears were turning red. Of course he noticed these changes–the man had all his focus directed onto the young lord.

Snip.

As the long, protruding strands were cut, the back of Luisen’s pale neck became visible. The white nape was pitifully thin and long. While the mercenary felt regretful at the site of the pronounced neck bone, the desire to place his mouth there also grew.

Lowering his gaze down the lord’s neck, Carlton could see delicate body lines exposed through the loose tunic. Luisen’s naked body–which he had seen earlier when he had come into the room–came to mind.

Luisen wasn’t as muscular as Carlton. However, he still had the urge to lightly touch the pale skin that had reddened after the bath–just like the desire to poke a ripe peach.

He wanted to place his fingers in Luisen’s soft hair and just run his hands through it. He wanted to tickle those blushing ears. For some reason, he wanted to see the young lord’s waistline, covered by the loose tunic, one more time.



‘…Am I sexually frustrated?’





TL: If you have to ask, then yes…you are sexually frustrated

Also Luisen would be the least-maintenance sugar baby





Chapter 56


Chapter 56



‘…Am I sexually frustrated?’

He’d never felt that way before.

Carlton felt incredibly embarrassed. Up until now, the mercenary felt that he had been rather inattentive towards matters of sex. He felt that there were many other enjoyable activities; it was far more thrilling to be recognized and succeed in his career endeavors. For someone whose life was kindled by ambition day and night, all other things seemed too boring.

The other mercenaries around him viewed him as somewhat strange, but Carlton felt that it was even stranger to roll around naked with an unfamiliar person. He was especially leery of hugging and falling asleep with a stranger without having a weapon nearby.

Even during his teenage years–a time in which many were consumed by lewd thoughts–Carlton would travel here and there to various battlefields. The mercenary was still generally sour about such sexual deeds. But, why was he suddenly acting like an lustful boy who had just opened his eyes to the possibilities of sex–especially since he’d never had these thoughts before?

Had he just been too comfortable? Was life too easy?

His head felt complicated, but the texture of the hair slipping through his fingers was so soft. Short hair felt so different to the touch than long hair. All other thoughts disappeared, and Carlton focused on his fingertips.

‘How can human hair be softer than fox fur?’

Carlton deliberately moved his hands slowly, pretending to grab at the hair and even stroking it. Whenever that happened, Luisen’s neck flushed redder and redder.

“…You can just be brief and haphazard.” Unable to endure, Luisen spoke up. He conveyed his discomfort. Only then did Carlton realize how excessive he was being.

He… must have really seemed weird. He quickly rolled his head and tried distract Luisen. “I checked with the people below; apparently four of my men were caught at Confosse. They were immediately transported to the Duchy.”

​​”What about the others? Your army?” Luisen quickly focused on the topic and adopted a serious expression.

“I heard rumors that they went northward. No witnesses, though. Simply rumors,” Carlton continued. He did not make up these details; he had heard them in passing from the innkeeper and meant to inform the young lord. However, he didn’t intend to use this topic to spare himself from the discomfort. Carlton hastened his scissors.

“Did they say how the captured people were being treated?”

“They said the men looked alright when they were being carried away.”

​​”Well, then it’ll be fine. My estate doesn’t condone torture… They’ll be able to reunite with you safely. If they were to suffer an injury, I’ll take care of their future.”

“They’ll be fine on their own. I didn’t train my men to be so weak.” Once Carlton resolved to finish, the haircut was completed in no time. “I’m done.”

Carlton took away the cloth around Luisen’s neck and tussled the lord’s hair. Luisen turned around, fidgeting with his nape and feeling awkward. Though Carlton had seen others cut human hair, it was his first time trying his hand at it; he wasn’t particularly good. Nevertheless, short hair suited Luisen.

Now that his hair was shorter, his narrow jawline was refreshingly revealed–it gave the young lord a cheerful and sophisticated aura. His delicate features stood out even more. On the other hand, the roundness of his head made him look quite cute as well.

Carlton thought back when Luisen had long hair that the lord looked best with that hairstyle. However, short hair looked good on him as well. ‘His face is so beautiful–no matter what he does, he’s beautiful.’

Carlton was mesmerized by the lord’s beauty. At that moment, he wanted to cup Luisen’s cheeks with both hands. He almost committed a crime, gazing into the young lord’s eyes and emboldened by this strange atmosphere–he would have moved to touch him if Luisen hadn’t spoken up in a faintly high-pitched voice.

“Where’d you place the map? I’d like to check our upcoming path.”

Thanks to Luisen’s timely question, Carlton managed to regain his sanity. This wasn’t the time for such things. “Over there.” Carlton casually turned around to find the map. When he unfurled the map on the table, the strange atmosphere settled back into something more realistic.

Luisen breathed a sigh of relief. The atmosphere was incredibly fluttery and hard to manage. “Where are we?”

“Here.” Carlton pointed to a spot on the map. Confosse was to the east of the duchy, in the adjoining territory. The Anies Dukedom was located in the center of the southern region. Thus, it took them quite a while to escape the south; it would be a longer journey to the capital from Confosse. After a long time of walking down roads, crossing rivers, and passing through a few cities, they would reach the capital.

“We’ve only come this far? I thought we walked quite far.”

“That’s because we went around the mountain to avoid the main footpath.” Cartlon drew a gentle curve with his fingertips. He began at the site of Ruger’s attack and sloped into the mountainside, all the way to Confosse. Their path wasn’t even detailed on the map.

“We still have a long way ahead of us.” Luisen sighed deeply.

“It took longer because we were in the mountains, but we’ll be travelling along proper roads now. We’ll follow the main road north,” Cartlon explained as he pointed at the map. As Carlton said, following the main path would lead them to a river that separated the eastern and southern regions of the kingdom. “Here, at a city called Mittil, I think it’d be best to a boat from the dock. If we travel by boat along the river, we can go even further.”

“That is the fastest route. I’ve been to Mittil before.” Luisen was also familiar with this city. Mittil was the most prosperous city with the most marine traffic along the river–after all, the shortest path to the capital was to cross the river at Mittil. Both the aristocracy and wealthy used Mittil’s marina–its splendour couldn’t even be compared to the likes of Confosse.

“…But, isn’t there a church in Mittil?” Luisen asked.

“There is one. As far as I know, it’s quite a large church with several priests.”

“They’ll probably think we’re strange if, as a pilgrim, I don’t stop by the church.”

“Yes. So, even if we take a more roundabout path, we could use a dock that’s out of the town’s boundaries… I believe it’d be better than to mingle with many people.”

“Right.”

“Depending on how natural my duke can act, we can adapt our path forward to suit our needs.”

“Don’t worry about that.” Luisen had travelled with a pilgrim for a year. Moreover, after passing as a noble despite his lack of wits and a sensible mind, he was at least confident in his ability to pretend and act. “How long will it take to get to Mittil from here?”

“It’ll take around four to five days.”

“That’s along the main pedestrian footpath?”

“We only have one donkey after all. If we come across a merchant following a similar route, we might be able to rent a space in their carriage.”

“What about a public carriage?”

For well-traveled roads, public carriages often operated in certain sections. As long as they could pay, anyone could hitch a ride.

“I had heard that there was originally a carriage from Confosse to the postal village, but it’s not open now.”

“Why?”

“Recently, public security has been unstable, and monsters have become more active. Apparently, that’s resulted in quite a few traffic jams. According to rumors, several villages have become isolated.”

“Is this the consequences of the civil war? The country has become much more disorganized as we’ve travelled north.”

“If only it was just that…”

""



As the southern military forces were occupied with other matters, there was some neglect in hunting monsters. It would be natural for monsters to increase in population and expand their range of activity. However, now that the two knew about Ruger’s involvement with the monsters and the recent attacks on the villages, all of this was cause for worry.

Carlton pointed out the way forward. If they went upriver from Mittil, they’d arrive in the middle of the kingdom. From there, they’d head east, stopping briefly just before entering the capital to observe the current situation and to judge that it was safe to enter to capital. It was probably the easiest and safest route they had.

“If we had a horse…” Carton thought of his beloved horse regretfully.

“I’m sure your horse is doing well because it’s so smart. It must have descended the mountain and found some farmhouse.”

“That would be nice…” Carlton’s face was filled with worry.

Luisen, who knew that Carlton had a special bond with his horse without needing to hear more, tried to console him. “Later, I’ll send out some men to try and find your horse.”

“Thank you for saying that.” Carlton shook off his gloom and returned to the map. “Once we cross the river, we’ll reach the kingdom’s middle region. The civil war was fought the most intensely in this area… We’ll need to be prepared.”

“I know, I know.” Luisen knew well how the country fell into bedlam after the civil war.

Carlton looked doubtful at the young lord’s knowing attitude. “…Are you sure you’ll be fine?”

“Of course. I can withstand anything.” Luisen was confident. A bed and a roof were luxuries; he had spent more than one or two days sleeping on the streets. The young lord could almost guarantee he was more experienced in being homeless than the mercenary.

Luisen observed the map again. Along the path there were many places that lingered as bad memories in Luisen’s head. Painful and distressing memories were attached to many places scattered all over the kingdom. However, he wasn’t afraid.

He wasn’t alone anymore–he had Carlton. Thanks to the mercenary, he’d been fine so far; he had a vaguely reassuraing expectation that the benefits from this alliance would continue far into the future.





TL: Luisen’s resume: Expert on being homeless





Chapter 57


Chapter 57

Part 6: Accidental Meetings and Discreet Requests



The next morning, Luisen opened his eyes quite early. The sun had just begun its dim rise; both lord and mercenary prepared to leave, half-awake.

Luisen wore a robe over the clothes he had worn yesterday. The robe had full cover–it was as if sleeves were attached to a giant sack with a hole for the head. The young lord drew the robe’s hood over his head and wore another hood he had taken from the village for good measure. The hood’s hem came down to his nose and completely covered the young lord’s features. After tying the baggy midsection with a thick rope–rather than a belt–Luisen’s physical stature was disguised.

If he could shrug his shoulders and hunch his back, Luisen would be able to disguise even his height; he could seem like a completely different person. Next, the young lord attached a wooden cross, his holy relic, to the rope. From a surface glance, he undeniably looked like a pilgrim.

Carlton and Luisen followed the road straight and headed towards the far gate. Even at dawn, the streets of Confosse were crowded with departing people. Since those gathered were used to traveling long distances, the crowd was even more lively and noisy than in the daytime.

At first, Luisen was nervous. However, it seemed like no passersby were concerned with them, so his heart quickly relaxed. There were even people who greeted Luisen with clasped hands when they saw the pilgrim’s pass hanging around his neck. Each time, Luisen politely and demurely bowed his head, copying the one-armed pilgrim.

‘I wonder if I resemble the saint a little?’ Luisen was excited to think that he may look similar to the man he admired. Joy automatically rose within him as he tried to remember the one-armed saint and copy his walking style. When he tried to reproduce that unsteady gait with his stiff body, his joints creaked like pieces of wood. It was strange–he looked like a startled cat.

Carlton, who couldn’t endure that sight anymore, patted Luisen on the back. “Please walk properly.”

“…I wanted to walk like a pilgrim.”

“You look constipated.”

“Constipated…?”

It seemed that he couldn’t emulate the saint’s coolness. Luisen released the tension from his body and returned to his usual light steps.

Despite his criticism, Carlton wasn’t worried about Luisen’s ability to pose as a pilgrim. After all, pilgrims came from a variety of backgrounds, so Luisen’s carefree attitude–as if he were a bird swishing its tail feathers as he walked–wasn’t out of place.

“It’s alright to be a little aristocratic in your body language. Instead, please watch what you say. There are no pilgrims that speak condescendingly.”

“I know.”

“Have you ever used honorifics before?”

Of course. Many times. The first thing Luisen did to survive as a nomad was to break his conversational habits. “I have more experience than Sir Mercenary expects. Please, don’t worry. Rather, you should be careful in how you address me.”

Luisen spoke gently and formally; Carlton was satisfied–it wasn’t easy to give off an air of modest courtesy. “Though it’s good to call me Sir Mercenary, you may also address me as ‘Carl,’ my new identity. I shall call you Revered Pilgrim from now on.” 1

“Yes, be my guest.”

The two passed through the gate as they easily conversed. Because Carlton’s men were captured in Confosse, those who left the castle were examined as thoroughly as those entering. The two had little baggage; they passed easily with the help of the pilgrim’s pass.

After leaving the gate, the two headed near the secret entrance to see if the donkey they had left there was still around. However, unexpectedly, there were people there–two men clad in ordinary tunics–relatively young security guards. The men were waging tug-of-war over a black horse.

The men were jointly pulling at the horse’s reins, but the horse would not budge. Instead, when the horse stepped back, the two men were dragged along.

Carlton and Luisen stopped without getting any closer.

“They look like security guards right? What are they doing here? And my donkey is over there!” Luisen wanted to just turn around, but right behind the black horse was Luisen’s donkey. The doneky, paying no heed to the bedlam happening before it, munched on grass. What a carefree fellow.

“What should we do about it?” Luisen turned towards the mercenary.

Carlton, though, was staring at the black horse and not the donkey. “Zephys…”

Zephys? That was a familiar name.

Luisen immediately remembered that Carlton’s beloved horse was named Zephys. “Your horse? That black horse is yours?”

Carlton nodded. Startled, Luisen looked back at the black horse. On closer inspection, its fur looked rough and thin, but its head-to-tail black luster and handsome face seemed familiar. Its body was balanced well; its legs were taut and long. It was a rare, excellent military horse with muscles to match. After close observation, it looked exactly like Carlton’s horse. “Why is your horse here, though? We parted ways in the mountains. Couldn’t it be a similar-looking horse?”

Luisen asked just to cover his bases, but the black horse’s reaction was answer enough. Zephys noticed its master’s voice with its keen senses and turned to look at them.



Whinny!



In an instant, Zephys bit the guard’s arm and pushed him away with its body. After knocking over the two adult men, it ran to Carlton.



Neigh, neiiighhh.



Zephys’ eyes were moist as it rubbed its face into the mercenary’s shoulders and licked the mercenary’s face. It was the first time Luisen had ever seen a horse cry so sorrowfully. Carlton stroked the fur on Zephys’ head; his expression looked simultaneously regretful and welcoming. The young lord was moved by that ardent reunion.

But this was no time to relax and be sentimental. The two men that had been holding Zephys’ reins approached with spears pointed.

“You there! Who are you people?” the guards loudly shouted.

How could they threaten people out of the blue? Luisen was incredibly bewildered. Why are they acting like that? Carlton stepped in front of the young lord and placed his hand on his sword’s hilt.

“We’re part of Confosse’s security forces. This man over here is the Guard Captain. Don’t even think of rebelling and surrender!”

As Luisen had expected, both men were guards. However, it was a little surprising to hear that the guard captain would be in plain clothes. If he’s a guard captain, he’d be decently high-ranking. Why would he be in this location? Clad in peasant clothing?

“Give up your weapons and surrender now!”

“For what reason are you threatening us with weapons?” Luisen asked. However, the guards did not answer and, instead, placed their spears closer to the young lord and mercenary. The guard captain continued to observe and stood by.

Luisen’s heart pounded. The young lord tried to calm down and held up his pilgrim’s pass. “I’m a wanderer following the will of God.”

In the light of the rising sun, the bright silver of the pass scattered the rays of light. The captain and the guard were surprised and lowered their spears. “Ah… So you’re a revered pilgrim.”

“Then, that person is…”

“This man is a mercenary I hired as an escort,” Luisen answered.

“Is this how Confosse treats pilgrims? Do you all have grudges against the Church?” Carlton didn’t miss the time to interject and threaten with the Church’s name.

As he said that, the startled guards began to desperately explain, “We have not forsaken the Church! Absolutely not! We did not intend to behave this way. It’s just that…this horse’s owner was a criminal…”

“A criminal?”

“This horse belongs to the men led by the bastard that kidnapped the Duke of Anies.”

So, Carlton’s men must have brought Zephys here! Finally, the question regarding Zephys’ presence was answered. It was fortunate that it joined and followed Carlton’s men.

After the horse had separated from Carlton, Luisen was worried that it would run into the direwolves or be left stranded in the mountains, struggling and wandering around. What a relief.

If all went according to plan, Luisen and Carlton would have been able to reunite with both Zephys and Carlton’s men as they continued their journey. However, since the mercenary was blamed for kidnapping Luisen, Carlton’s men had been captured and taken away.

Usually, the criminals’ personal belongings were disposed according to the will of the guards who caught them; therefore, Zephys was in the guard’s possession.

“You seemed familiar with the criminal’s horse, so… We had no choice but to approach with weapons because we thought you were working with the kidnappers. Please understand us, revered pilgrim.”

“But…that mercenary. Are you certain you know who he is? I’m not doubting you, revered pilgrim, but Carlton and his men are mercenaries as well. By any chance…”

“Absolutely not! This horse was actually happy to see me!” Luisen quickly tugged at Zephys’ reins. One didn’t need to shout that Carlton was Zephys’ owner; the horse’s friendliness was suspicious enough–the young lord wouldn’t have his companion taken away to be locked with his men.

The guards were reasonable to doubt them–after all, they were speaking the truth–so Luisen desperately crafted some excuses. “I raised this horse in the monastary ever since it was a foal. I took care of it. That’s why it recognized me and rushed towards me. It came to me, not him. Me–the pilgrim.”

As soon as Luisen spouted his lies, Carlton stepped away from Zephys and pretended to be nonchalant. Zephys didn’t particularly understand the full situation, but it was a clever horse. It read its owner’s expression and calmly nuzzled Luisen.

“I see. I understand your circumstances, but that’s a criminal’s horse. It’s under security jurisdiction now.”

“……” When Luisen hesitated, Carlton caught the young lord’s arm.

‘Why of all people…guards…’

It would have been far easier if a merchant or another mercenary had Zephys. The opponents currently before them could not be swayed through intimidation or force. If they touched the guards, the owner of Confosse–and, beyond that, the lord of this territory–would not stand still.

“Send it back,” Carlton whispered. Luisen was forced to release the reins.





TL: My PR: “Why does the horse have a cooler name than the humans?”

Also I’m so proud of my dorky babe Luisen. He’s trying T_T





Footnotes




Let’s talk names and identities. First things first, Carl, while shorthand for Carlton, is also a homonym for “sword.” Nice word play~ Second, 순례자님 is 순례자 (pilgrim) + 님 (a suffix to show respect. For a setting like this, I felt like Pilgrim-nim would sound out of place, so “revered pilgrim” it is!





Chapter 58


Chapter 58



The guards bowed deeply; before Luisen could stop them, they grabbed Zephys’ reins and pulled roughly. “Let’s go. Come quickly!”

Zephys did not budge one inch no matter how hard they pulled. The men seemed incredibly impatient; in between their struggles, they observed Luisen and Carlton out of the corners of their eyes. It seemed like they wanted to leave this place as soon as possible–like they had some ulterior motives.

“Why aren’t you moving!?” One guard poked the horse in the buttocks with the point of his spear.

Neigh–

Zephys cried. It had no choice but to falter one step forward.

Zephys was incredibly clever; it didn’t cling to Carlton for help. Perhaps it realized that would only bring the mercenary trouble. It only looked at the mercenary pitifully with its round, black eyes. That sight was more effective at tugging at the heart strings.

‘Damn it. Fuck.’ Carlton kept cursing inwardly.

For the mercenary, Zephys was a special horse. He had taken care of Zephys ever since it was a frail, sick colt; their bond was extraordinarily firm. The horse was a true companion that came along with him when he ran away from home.

Even though Zephys was his horse–even though it was being dragged along by the guards–he could do nothing. In his heart, he wanted to steal Zephys and ride him far far away. However, Carlton was accompanying someone else.

Carlton had promised to take Luisen to the capital safely. Therefore, though he was frustrated enough to vomit blood, he had to endure. Right now, he could only clench his innocent fists.

While Carlton dithered, Luisen rushed out. “Wait a minute.”

“What is it?” At Luisen’s shout, the guards turned around.

“What are you planning to do?” Carlton asked.

‘I don’t know either!’ Though the young lord managed to halt the situation for now, Luisen didn’t have a brilliant idea. Still, he hated to send Zephys away like this. If they parted now, there was no guarantee they’d meet up again!

Luisen wracked his brain for dear life. ‘Dear Saint, please share your wisdom with me.’ They say that if one prays hard, things will work out. A lightning strike of an idea struck Luisen just then. “Why are you hurrying?”

“What?”

“Sir Guard Captain. What were you planning to do while sneaking off with a criminal’s horse?”

The guards became furious at Luisen’s statement. “What do you mean sneak away? Captain can dispose of a criminal’s belongings as he pleases–that’s not sneaking away.”

“That’s what’s so strange about this business. Why would someone of the captain’s status leave his post at the gates and crawl through this secret passage to handle a criminal’s horse? If you rode that horse proudly through the gate, no one would say anything to the contrary.”

“That’s…” the guard captain mumbled. At that reaction, Luisen realized he’d hit the nail on the head. These men were scurrying about and plotting in secret before being caught red-handed by Luisen and Carlton.

“That’s guard business. It has nothing to do with Revered Pilgrim,” the guard captain calmly retorted, as if to prove that nothing unsavory was happening. However, nothing escaped Carlton’s keen senses.

“That person is incredibly anxious. He’s in a hurry; in a way, it seems like he’s pierced with fear,” the mercenary whispered so that only Luisen’s ears could hear.

Even so, the young lord wasn’t certain he could retake Zephys with this line of interrogation. However, through persuasion or intimidation, he should pull at everything that could be pulled. 1 Luisen questioned them a little harder, “The Lord in charge of this region must be incredibly concerned since Carlton’s men were captured in Confosse; does the Lord know of your ‘business?'”

“What are you trying to insinuate?”

“I’d just like to know what’s going on.”

“What will you do with that information?”

“I’ll help you.”

“Why would the Revered Pilgrim do that?”

“It’s because, as you said, I’m a pilgrim. I shine light in dark and shadowy places where our God in heaven can’t peer into nor drive away. This is the very reason why we wander the world, spreading his glory and mercy.” Luisen recalled the one-armed pilgrim as he carefully uttered every word.

Next to him, Carlton was incredibly surprised. The young lord seemed like a true pilgrim. His speech patterns and expressions, his tone and missionary sense as well, all worked together to create the sense that the young lord was absorbed in religious piety. However, his demeanor wasn’t burdensome at all; it felt like Luisen would accept anything he was told and would show mercy. The guard and captain lowered their vigilance.

“I don’t know the full details. I can only guess that if the captain of the guard, someone always praised for his good character, does something in secret…he must have desperate and justified motives.” Actually, it didn’t matter what kind of person the captain was, nor the status of his reputation. Luisen had no idea what the guard captain was like. However, he saw how the one-armed pilgrim opened stubborn mouths through moderate praises and gentle uplifting–saying ‘you’re not usually this type of person.’

“If we hadn’t met, I’d be ignorant of your situation; now that we’ve come across one another, couldn’t this meeting be arranged by His Holiness? Maybe I or the Church could be of help. Did something happen?” Luisen continued in a subdued tone. Referring to God worked wonderfully for those in predicaments. Luisen’s exploitation tactics struck true; the captain’s heart was shaken.

Even without those words, the guard captain seemed so anguished and frustrated–like he desperately wanted to confess everything in his heart to someone. Then, when Luisen hit the nail on the head, the captain thought it would be better to explain his situation rather than to plead with the young lord to pretend ignorance. “The truth is… As the revered pilgrim says, I’ve exited the castle secretly. I truly don’t intend to do anything malicious. It’s just… I wanted to go to my hometown.”

“Your hometown? At this time?”

It wouldn’t be ideal for Confosse to have its captain of the guard missing during its current crisis. Since the kidnapper’s troop was caught within Confosse, they were confined to the castle grounds. The castle’s security was as strict as it had ever been.

“About a month ago, my wife went back to my hometown to give birth–we’re from the same town, you know. But, no matter how long I’ve waited, I haven’t heard any news from my wife!”

His wife, who had promised to send word once she made it to her destination, did not contact him. At the same time, the kingdom had already experienced civil war, a duke had been kidnapped, and so on. There had been rumors of unprecedented monster attacks as well. The Guard Captain was so worried that he sent several people to check on the situation. However, none of the people he sent had returned; he was left in the dark. “I’ve been so fretful; I just could sit around. Just when I thought I had no path forward…that horse caught my eye. With that kind of warhorse, I could go there and return within a day.”

Since it was a criminal’s horse, no one would care if it disappeared for a moment. Moreover, Zephys was a strong and agile horse, so the captain thought he’d be able to travel to his hometown faster. He had his men secretly bring him the horse, and he sneaked out of the castle through that secret hole.

“Couldn’t you ask a favor from the mercenary guild?”

“When they’re being inundated with so many commissions, why would anyone take my request when it rewards no money nor glory to further their career? There’s nothing I could do. Imagine how frustrated I was for me to have come out on my own.”

“I understand.”

“My lord will punish me greatly if he finds that I’ve abandoned my post. Nor will I be able to go to my hometown. Please, have mercy on my family and me and pretend you never saw anything, revered pilgrim,” the guard captain appealed sincerely.

Luisen and Carlton exchanged brief glances.

This was it. If they did well, they may be able to obtain Zephys.

Luisen hid his excitement and patted the captain on the shoulder. “You must have suffered. How could I tell on you when you’re in this situation?”

“However, Guard Captain. Isn’t your plan too sloppy? No matter how fast you are, who wouldn’t notice when you’re away for an entire day.” While Luisen comforted the man, Carlton was critical. The captain of the guards went from heaven to hell in one short moment.

“Mmm…. He does have a point. I understand your situation, but this was an incredibly reckless plan.” Luisen pretended to agonize over the matter for a few seconds before continuing, acting as if he had just thought of a good idea. “Well then, what about this? Sir Guard Captain should hurry back to his post–didn’t you say you’ll be severely punished if you got caught sneaking away? Instead, I shall visit your hometown.”

“You?”

“Yes. Why don’t I go and make sure your wife is safe and deliver any messages you may want to send?”

“I couldn’t possibly trouble you like this…”

“It’s alright. I’m a wanderer, and the guard captain must maintain his position like a rock. It was heaven’s will that we’d meet like this. Be at ease and leave it to me.”

“Revered Pilgrim…If you could do that, I’d be so…”

In the middle of this emotional conversation, the quick-witted Carlton intervened and halted the heartfelt emotions. “I won’t be able to go, revered pilgrim. That’s outside our contract; I won’t work more than I’m paid. If you go, you’ll go alone.”

“Ah…Then I’ll make it through the forest paths alone, somehow.” Luisen pretended to be at a loss. Although the hood covered his expression, he conveyed that feeling of embarrassment with his whole body. The guard captain also became nervous because the matter which had been solved smoothly suddenly ran into difficulties.

‘No way, you’re not going to stop helping because that mercenary can’t follow you, right?’ The guard captain stared insistently at Luisen.

The young lord looked alternatingly between Carlton and the captain, giving plenty of pause and lingering gazes. Then, when it seemed like the captain would stop breathing from anxiety, Luisen spoke in a moderate tone, “…He’s not wrong. Mercenaries follow money… I could not force him to do work. However, I’m not in a situation where I can spare much gold…” Luisen looked meaningfully at Carlton while slurring the latter sentences.

“Forget money, give me that horse. I’ve been wanting one like that for a while.” Carlton pointed at Zephys.





TL: My bb scammers <3





Footnotes




The original is more like “bite at everything that could be stretched out.” I localized it a little





Chapter 59


Chapter 59



“…That’s…” The captain hesitated.

“The mercenary escorting me is an incredibly capable man; he’ll be able to solve any roadblocks caused by monsters. And, if something truly happened to the village, it’ll be best for someone like me, a pilgrim, to go and recruit help.”

The guard’s face brightened when Luisen hinted that he could seek help from the Church. Of course, the young lord had no intention of doing anything so bold and dangerous as that.

“There’s really nothing more I could ask for…” Since it was the captain’s discretion as to what should be done with a criminal’s possession, there was nothing wrong if he sold or gave the horse away. However, Zephys was an outstanding horse; it would fetch a lot of money–that he’d regretfully lose out on–with mercenaries or merchants.

However, even if the man disposed of the horse and placed a request at the mercenary’s guild, there was no guarantee that they had someone free to take the request. Furthermore, it seemed more reliable to rely on this seemingly good-natured pilgrim instead of a violent and unfaithful mercenary. Besides, the mercenary at the pilgrim’s side looked very strong as well. As the pilgrim said, he could borrow the Church’s power if enough justification was provided.

After weighing his choices, the guard captain finally made his decision. “Alright. I’ll hand you this horse. In return, I’ll place my business in your hands.”

“Please don’t worry.” Luisen took the reins from the captain.

Carlton leaned over to whisper in Luisen’s ear while the captain rushed to write a letter to his family. “Is this really okay? We’re in such a hurry that a day would be hard to spare… Are we able to go off and run someone else’s errand…?”

Though the mercenary had played along with Luisen’s performance, he was worried. They had a long way to go and were incredibly busy; could they really afford distractions like this? He was greedy for Zephys, but now he felt belatedly guilty that they would be waylaid by unnecessary matters.

“At least we now have a horse. Won’t we be able to reach the capital faster with this guy?”

“That’s true, but…”

“Then, even if we waste a day, we shall end up at the capital sooner. It’ll be fine. Besides… isn’t this horse special to you?” Luisen wanted to repay Carlton’s sacrifice by getting Zephys back. Didn’t they lose Zephys in the first place because of the young lord?

“Really…Thank you so much.”

‘So, Carlton knows how to say thank you normally.’ Startled, Luisen stared at Carlton. The mercenary’s eyes were as sweet as young spring fields. When they had first met, the man’s eyes were filled with contempt and disgust, but now the young lord couldn’t find any signs of those emotions in his pupils. Instead, he found affection and gratitude aplenty, outright and unhidden.

“What do you mean you’re thankful…” Luisen said. “You’ve done so much for me.”

“You’ve stepped forward on my behalf. No one has ever cared for me that way before.”

Carlton’s words tickled Luisen’s heart. The young lord shrugged, at a loss for words.

Carlton was already moved; when Luisen acted so cute, it tugged at his heart. He had the urge to grab the young lord’s shoulders–to grab that embarrassed, swaying golden head–and drag him into the mercenary’s embrace. For some reason, Carlton felt unfounded confidence that the young lord wouldn’t reject him now..

However, the delicate vibe that surrounded Luisen and Carlton vanished due to the guard captain’s intervening words. “Here’s my letter. Please deliver this well and return to me with news of the situation. I’ll entrust this to you, Revered Pilgrim. Now that you’ve listened to my troubles…I really have no one else to rely on.”

In other words, he’s beseeching them to keep their words and not abandon him after winning their quarry. Luisen smiled benevolently, as if he was ignorant to the underlying implications. “Of course. As a follower of God’s path, how could I abandon someone in trouble?”

Though his expression was hidden by the hood, Luisen’s words alone seemed trustworthy.

After stowing the captain’s letter safely away, Luisen left the donkey in the captain’s care.

Honestly, Luisen wanted to take it along since he had gotten attached to it during their time together, but he was forced to leave it in Confosse. The donkey would probably be unable to keep up with Zephys’ speed–and they had not yet decided whether or not they’d return to Confosse at all. Since they had decided to put off that decision until they’d gauged the situation in the guard’s hometown, this may be the last time the young lord would see the donkey.

Luisen looked at the donkey with eyes full of regret. Perhaps the young lord’s feelings weren’t properly conveyed, for the donkey had its usual easy-going expression.

“Please take good care of my donkey.”

“Yes! Of course.”

Luisen approached Zephys. He was able to solo-ride the donkey due to Carlton’s special training, but it would be a new experience to ride something so big like Zephys. Unlike the small and easy-going donkey, Zephys’ nose was incredibly high up–like its owner. Back when he had the chance to tag along on Zephys’ back, a while back, it was clear the horse hated ferrying the young lord.

“Please just don’t fling me off. If you drop me, the guard captain will be suspicious of us,” Luisen whispered into Zephys’ ear. Simultaneously, he tensed his body, ready to avoid the horse’s kick.

However, it was different this time. Zephys looked at the young lord and kneeled before him. It did its hardest to allow the young lord to climb onto its back easily. As Luisen sat in the saddle, the horse stood up.

From this high up, even Carlton looked small.

‘My word. It felt like just yesterday when I was carried like a pack on Zephys’ back.’ Luisen was deeply touched as he recalled the first time he rode on Zephys. His face had smashed into the horse’s buttocks and was beaten by its tail. Now, he couldn’t believe that he was proudly riding on its back!

Zephys was an incredibly clever horse. Carlton, as he clambered up, pretended to look inexperienced and hummed in discomfort. At a surface glance, Zephys seemed to follow Luisen’s orders and not Carlton’s–especially since the captain and the guard were unaware of the full situation.

“I’ll leave it to you!” the captain repeated as he saw the two off.



***



The Guard Captain’s hometown was located deep within the forest. The way there didn’t overlap at all with Luisen and Carlton’s original path. Therefore, visiting this village was a complete waste of a day.

They really didn’t have the time to help others. Honestly, the guard captain didn’t know Luisen and Carlton’s real identities, so there would be little trouble if they had just left. The mercenary had slyly floated that option; Luisen, though, refused because he was determined to not do anything that he couldn’t be proud of when he met the saint again.

No matter how urgent their matter was, it would be heartless and cowardly to take advantage of another’s desperation. Instead, he urged Carlton to go as fast as they could, without breaks. Though Carlton was feeling impatient, he did not insist on leaving since he had a conscience.

Understanding its owner’s impatient mood, Zephys galloped tirelessly. Even though it was carrying two adult men, it moved lively, as if the two weren’t heavy at all. As Zephys began to run in earnest, Luisen choked back some regretful tears. ‘I shouldn’t have said we should hurry. This is just too fast.’

The landscaped passed quickly before the young lord’s wide-open eyes; the blurry sight made him dizzy. The sound of rushing wind filled his ears. When Zephys’ taut legs struck the ground, Luisen’s body slightly floated upwards before falling back down on the saddle; tingles ran up his tailbone.

There ws no handle on Zephys’ saddle, so he could only reliably hold onto Carlton. He tightly grasped onto Carlton’s arms–at least he had these, what a relief. The young lord had never ridden so fast in his life.

He clung the length of his torso against the mercenary’s body and leaned his head against the mercenary’s bust. That wasn’t enough–the young lord also tightly shut his eyes. As he leaned into Carlton’s embrace, he could hear a pounding heartbeat from somewhere. ‘Wow–his heartbeat’s racing. He’s scared to death, too.’

How could the sound of his heart pounding be heard so clearly in his ear? It was that loud. Luisen shrank into himself even more; therefore, he couldn’t see Carlton urging Zephys with an uncharacteristically awkward expression.

They passed the hills and entered the woods. Their view was drastically diminished due to the shade of the foliage. Even on this narrow and rough road, untravelled by most, Zephys galloped fearlessly. Carlton remembered the guard captain’s directions and went exactly in that direction. Then, at some point, Zephys began to gradually slow down.

Then, Zephys suddenly stopped. Wondering if they were taking a break, Luisen finally opened his eyes. “Are we resting before setting off again?”

“Please stay still and don’t dismount.” Carlton descended from the saddle and unsheathed his sword. With a rigid expression, he used his sharp intuition to look around. Zephys also paced back and forth a few steps as well. Both horse and master warily looked in the same direction.

‘What is it?’ the young lord thought.

Ever since the sound of thudding hooves had stopped, silence flowed through the forest. The young lord could sense nothing–it was so quiet in the forest that it seemed like Carlton, Luisen, and the horse were the only living things there.

‘What’s this? Is something there? Am I the only one who has no idea?’ Luisen looked around blankly.

However, at that moment, something that seemed like a black blade came flying at the young lord. Before Luisen could even realize the danger, Zephys nimbly stepped to the side and avoided it. At the same time, Carlton intervened and brandished his sword.

Clank–!

The sound of iron meeting iron rang out. Whatever it was, it slithered away after failing in its attack. Only then did Luisen see what had attacked him.

A huge centipede.





TL: Noooo The donkey T_T I’m so sad that they had to leave it behind.

I imagine that Zephys is a draft horse. Medieval warhorses (or Destriers) aren’t actually that tall, apparently. This is a draft horse:



That’s gigantic!





Chapter 60


Chapter 60



It was no ordinary centipede. For starters, it was gigantic. Its body was as long and thick as the tree trunks by its side. Its firm, segmented body slickly shone like well-heated iron. 1 The dozens of legs attached to its body were red and sharp, like blades.

Luisen had, in the past, wandered around the kingdom and seen many things he hadn’t before as noble trash, but this was the first time he’d seen such a large centipede. It would hurt when one got bitten by an ordinary centipede, but, the moment this centipede were to bite you, it would most likely cleave your body in two. That thought was so terrifying and gruesome, the young lord couldn’t help but shiver.

‘Is that a bug? Or a monster?’

Unlike its smaller counterpart, the opponent before them had dozens of bead-like eyes on its face; it moved around here and there as it examined Carlton and Luisen. The young lord had never heard of a centipede with dozens of eyes. ‘As expected, it’s a monster, right?’

The centipede made scratching noises as it crawled up a tree. Its long body curled around the trunk; its numerous legs clacked as it moved up the bark. Contrary to what its size may suggest, it was incredibly fast. In a blink of an eye, the centipede made its way up to the canopy and flew through the air towards Luisen.

“Aaaaagh!” Luisen screamed. The thing must have been after the young lord after all! Perhaps it was aiming at the weakest individual in the group first. If Luisen was alone, he probably would have been caught in that attack. However, he currently had Zephys–once again, the horse swiftly dodged the centipede’s attack.

Crash–!

The centipede couldn’t direct the force of its flight and soon crashed to the ground. A normal animal would have suffered a broken skull, but…

‘U-Urgh… Gross… I’m scared… It’s so disgusting…’

…The centipede was quick to climb–scraping against bark once more–up the tree again. However, this time Carlton was faster. He jumped at the bug and swung his sword. In an instant, its two front legs were chopped off.

Kyaaaaaaak–!

The centipede screeched. Dozens of its legs spread out in unison; it began twisting its torso strangely. Some thick bodily fluid began dripping from the severed locations.

The centipede began wildly whipping its tail about in agony and felled the surrounding trees. Carlton shielded Luisen while waiting for a gap in its random attacks. In the meantime, Zephys carried the young lord to a safe distance so that he wouldn’t be caught up in the fight.

Now a few legs short, the centipede changed its target to Carlton.

The mercenary and the insect exchanged a few blows. The bug moved its dozens of legs precisely and rapidly, swinging its front feet and tail almost instinctively. On top of that, it tried to reach out its head and plunge from a high height to pierce through the mercenary with its pincers.

Attacks–strong, powerful attacks–flew at each other from all sides. With each miss, the ground was hollowed, and trees were smashed. When the centipede’s front legs hit Carlton’s sword, the sound of metal hitting metal rang out. A slight brush of the blade, like that, couldn’t make a dent in the bug’s carapace.

Luisen watched over Carlton nervously. He knew his companion was strong, but the opponent was a hitherto unseen monster.

But Carlton was even more of a monster. He effortlessly hit back his opponent’s attacks. No matter how fast the centipede moved–no matter how many attacks it shot from various angles–Carlton did not allow himself to get hit by a single attack. He wasn’t pushed back at all.

The mercenary wasn’t flustered by the centipede’s hard carapace. He observed his opponent calmly and slowly cut off each of its legs. Each time its legs were severed, the centipede writhed and revealed its white belly.

‘W-Whoa. He’s not losing at all.’

Because the ever-loyal Zephys wasn’t moving from its distant position, Luisen was able to relax and watch over the fight.

The centipede changed its strategy as the situation became increasingly unfavorable. It hissed, turned around, and tried to dig into the ground to escape. However, Carlton had no intention of letting it leave now; he pierced his blade through its tail.

Kyaaagh–!

The centipede’s cry reverberated through the air, ripping through the sky. Even from far away, it sounded so terrible; Luisen was momentarily frightened. The monster’s long body wildly wriggled up and down, thudding thunderously onto the ground.

Disregarding all its thrashing, Carlton kicked the monster and pressed down on its head. Then, without hesitating, he thrust his sword between its eyes.

Crack–!

It sounded like the monster’s head was crushed. The remaining–still plentiful–legs trembled and twitched. Soon after, the centipede stopped wriggling, and its antennae drooped onto the ground.

“Is it finished?” Luisen asked.

“Wait a moment.” Carlton didn’t forget to confirm that he had fully killed his opponent. He didn’t allow Luisen to return until he had fully cleaved the centipede’s head in half and kicked both parts away.

“Ngh… It’s even more gruesome up close. Why is such a thing here? Is this centipede a monster?”

“It definitely can’t be some common centipede. Not with this size and strength.”

“Right.” Luisen looked at its torso. The centipede’s body, which had flipped over to reveal its white belly, was a different type of disgusting than when it had moved around so vigorously. The sight of dozens of its limp legs made his skin itch. ‘Ugh,’ Luisen groaned. ‘Up close, it’s even more revolting.’

Carlton patted Luisen’s shoulder.

Luisen and Carlton decided to take a break while they disposed of the centipede’s body.

While Carlton started the fire, Luisen sat haphazardly nearby. “How far have we travelled?” the young lord asked as he ripped off pieces of the bread he had brought from Confosse.

Carlton looked up at the sky–the sun was high in the sky. “Since it’s been about half a day, we should be nearly there. If it weren’t for the centipede, we may have already reached the village.”

As he drank water from a bucket, Luisen thought out loud, “Is it because of that centipede? For contact from the guard captain’s village being cut, I mean.”

The guard captain had sent word several times, but nothing had returned.

“They would have travelled the same path we did, so the messengers would have been similarly attacked by the centipede. If they were lucky, they may have been able to escape, I suppose,” Carlton said.

The centipede was a formidable opponent, even for the mercenary. An ordinary person wouldn’t be able to put up a proper fight and would simply become its prey. The messengers were probably eaten.

“Who knows. It’s quite far from town, but…” Carlton trailed off. The situation wasn’t very positive.

“Where could this centipede have come from?”

“Hm? Wasn’t it born here?”

“It must have migrated from somewhere. The south doesn’t originally have such gigantic monsters like this one.”

“Really?”

Mercenaries were often called in to fight monsters. Carlton was no stranger to monsters; the kingdom’s southern region had little mercenary activity. Compared to other regions, fights erupted less because the lands here were richer and had more administrative oversight. Crucially, though, there were no gigantic monsters that couldn’t be solved through individual power.

“I’ve never seen such a centipede before, but I’ve seen ants and spiders of that size. Their habitat is usually to the northwest of here,” the mercenary said.

“Then did they come down from there? However, there’s a river in the way–can monsters cross those?”

“If a monster of this size were to cross the river, it would have stood out.”

“Who knows. It’s a chaotic world lately.”

No matter where one went, the war has been a huge problem. Armies moving up, refugees fleeing south–the population moved chaotically. Among all that, there were a few people trying to cause fusses. The normal system had collapsed and strange things had gone wild within those cracks.

Luisen finished eating his bread. Carlton was about to set the centipede’s body ablaze, but then suddenly a few middle-aged men appeared from within the forest.

Unlike with the centipede, Carlton and Zephys looked at them calmly. They were dressed in ordinary peasant clothes; furthermore, they looked like frightened, cornered rats. Even to the young lord, they didn’t seem like people he needed to be vigilant against.

They soon noticed the centipede and became exceedingly startled. “Aargh! Monster! It’s a monster!”

“Save us!”

Frightened, they attempted to run away before they realized that the centipede was still, turned over onto its back. They held hands and observed the centipede incredibly cautiously. “W-What? You killed it?”

“It’s dead? The monster?”

Carlton stepped forward. The three men finally noticed the mercenary and backpedalled, frightened once more. “Whose family do you belong to?” 2 Carlton said.

“W-Who are you guys?”

“I asked first,” Carlton gave them a prickly reply.

The people alternated their gazes between the centipede and the mercenary before responding, “What…happened to that monster?”

“I killed it. So, what family do you belong to?” Carlton was annoyed.

Though the sight of an annoyed mercenary was incredibly frightening, perhaps these people had lost their minds from fear. They cheered from afar, “He said he killed it! That person killed it!”

“Aigoo! 3 He killed it? Really, thank you–Thank you so much!” They bowed and shook Carlton’s hand. Luisen couldn’t tell if they were in shock from fear or not. Carlton was dumbfounded.

The young lord stepped forward, holding back laughter at Carlton’s dazed expression. “What is the matter? Who are you people?”

At Luisen’s calm question, someone from the group finally returned to his senses. “We’re people from the village–right next to that huge boulder out front. We heard the centipede’s screeches, so we came here to see what had happened…We didn’t expect to find that it had been killed!”

The people lived in the guard captain’s hometown–Luisen and Carlton’s destination. “The village next to the big boulder? We’re on our way there as well. We’ve come on errand for Confosse’s guard captain,” Luisen said.

“Oh! The guard captain? He’s from our village–you’ve come to the right place.” The villagers were eager to guide Luisen and Carlton to their home. The village was quite a ways away; on the way, Luisen was able to hear further details about their situation.





TL: It’ll be explained later, but you may be confused as to why Luisen is asking if a gigantic tree-high centipede is a bug or a monster. In this world, monster is a special class of being–rather than a noun, it’s more like an adjective, an it’s hard to know just how many monsters or monster species exist.





Footnotes




반지르르한 is like the shininess that might come from coating something with oil or another similar substance. It’s often used for leather. I felt like “slickly shone” would be concise and capture the nuance?

To be more exact, the original says “who’s your inlaws?” Carlton’s asking if they’re related to the guard captain

Korean exclamation expression similar to the English expressions ‘Oh! ‘ ‘Oh Dear! ‘ , ‘Oh My! ‘, ‘Oh My God!





Chapter 61


Chapter 61



The village they called ‘the place next to the large boulder’ was located deep within the forest. The people there made a living by collecting the forest resources and exporting to cities like Confosse.

The forests here were dense and inhabited by various wild animals and contained a variety of natural resources. Of course, there were monsters, but they usually stayed at a distance. The two groups lived in uneasy harmony by avoiding each other’s territories. Though the village wasn’t spectacular, it was quiet and peaceful–at least there wasn’t anything particularly wrong with the place.

However, about a month ago, the village’s peace was broken. One day, a giant centipede burrowed here and began to live in the forest. No one knew where it came from or why it settled here. Suddenly–like a bolt from the blue–without anyone’s notice, it began living in this forest. They said that it began to devour living organisms with its vigorous appetite–people, animals, and other monsters.

“That thing was truly a monster. No blades worked on it at all. And it was so tremendously big…” The villagers lost their motivation due to the giant centipede’s power and its terrible, unsightly appearance. They couldn’t even dream of eradicating it. Even with all their gathered strength, fences, and advantageous terrain, they were only able to prevent it from entering the village. The village people hid in their homes, pierced by fear. They couldn’t dare confront the centipede.

“You couldn’t ask Confosse or the ruling Lord for help?”

“Even if we wanted to do that, we’d need to be able to leave the village. That thing was so perceptive…”

No matter how cautiously they moved, the giant centipede extraordinarily noticed them and moved to attack them. It was as if the centipede had eyes everywhere in the forest. At first, they had sent several people to ask for help, but all the messengers were eaten by the centipede.

“Therefore, no one wants to step foot outside the village boundaries anymore. We’re simply eating what we stored for winter… Actually, we were incredibly worried as to whether or not we could withstand the coming cold season,” one man said.

“On my way here, my mind was plagued by many thoughts. What if that monster was still alive? What if an even more frightening monster had appeared?” another continued.

The giant centipede’s screeches were too terrible. The sound seemed to rip through and scratch at their ear canals. As they approached, they thought they would die today. But, when they finally came upon the scene, they had discovered the monster’s corpse and a human standing above it.

In fact, if Carlton stood there alone, they would have turned their backs and ran away immediately. How could they deal with a man who could confront the giant centipede alone and come out of the battle without a single scratch? That person couldn’t be ordinary. However, since a pilgrim was with him, they had judged that the two weren’t dangerous and mustered up their courage to start a conversation.

While listening to the villagers’ explanation, Luisen asked something he had been curious about. “Confosse’s guard captain said he had sent several messengers. Have you seen any of them?”

“…No outsiders have come by our villager in the past month.”

Just as the centipede attacked Luisen and Carlton, the monster would have probably attacked those messengers. In that case, it would have been difficult for those people to escape with their lives.

“…That’s why all lines of communication have been completely cut.” Hearing their circumstances, it was easy to understand their predicament. The giant centipede who killed indiscriminately was at fault.

It wasn’t even their intent, but it seems that Luisen and Carlton had unexpectedly solved their problems.

After roughly hearing the whole story, Luisen scooched over and plastered himself against the mercenary’s side. When the two of them made it obvious that they had things to discuss, the villagers quietly took the hint, walked up front, and widened their lead. Luisen pulled at the mercenary’s arm; the mercenary bent his waist in order to listen. Careful to lower his voice and keep quiet from those ahead, the young lord whispered, “It seems…we sorted everything out?”

“We didn’t mean to, but it ended well,” Carlton whispered back quietly. “Our business has become simple. Let’s just go to the village, deliver the letter to the captain’s wife, and return.”

“I suppose we should,” Luisen answered listlessly.

Carlton perceived the change in mood and continued, “We should have a quick meal before we leave.”

“That’d be great.” The young lord nodded his head up and down to convey his anticipation. He was looking forward to eating the rest of the bread he had brought from Confosse.

As they conversed, the village soon appeared before them. A huge boulder stood high towards the back; a brick fence surrounded the village. Something felt strange–the fence was far too sloppy and short to block the centipede from crossing over.

As they neared, there were countless people gathered at the entrance. It seemed that every able-bodied villager had come out.

“What happened? Who are these people?” The villagers’ faces were wary. In a situation where they were already frightened by the giant monster, a stranger’s appearance made them uneasy and fussy.

“This revered pilgrim here has come to help our village on behalf of Confosse’s guard captain.”

Luisen blatantly showcased the pilgrim’s pass. Because the silver in the pass sparkled brilliantly and refracted light, those in the back could see the characteristic shine. Some of the religious folk bowed with their hands clasped together. Luisen received their greetings modestly without seeming submissive or reluctant.

“What about the centipede? What happened to it?” they asked.

“This person, the private mercenary that’s guarding the pilgrim, killed the monster!” The man’s words caused a great stir amongst the masses.

“Truly?! That thing is dead?”

“That person alone? That makes no sense!”

“However, I saw it with my own eyes. It laid there dead, belly-up. They even set fire to its corpse.”

“Really? That man killed it?”

“It’s true. Why would I lie?” The men who guided Luisen and Carlton to the villaged began to explain what they saw. The villagers rid themselves of suspicion and celebrated the death of the giant centipede. Some shouted; some wept, crying that they were saved. Some people rushed to tell this news to their families back home.

In this happy pandemonium, the young lord and mercenary quickly became saviors of the town; gratitude poured forth from all quarters. Luisen gave all credit to his companion–he said that Carlton noticed the centipede’s approach and had even saved his life. The ‘pilgrim’s’ humble attitude further encouraged the villagers’ joy.

A child rushed forth and handed Carlton a present. It was only a few small acorns, but their heart was in that gesture. Carlton stared blankly at the child’s outstretched hand.

‘Acorns? What do they want me to do with this?’

Luisen, who couldn’t endure that sight anymore, stabbed Carlton in the ribs with his arm. Startled, Carlton picked them up. The child bowed deeply with gratitude, almost bending in half, and then ran to their mother.

Looking at Carlton’s furrowed brows, the young lord asked, “What’s wrong? Are you upset that you received mere acorns?”

“Do you really think I would’ve expected to get a gold bar in a place like this?”

“…Then, why is your expression like that?”

“…Just because…” Contrary to his outward expression, Carlton felt incredibly awkward.

Humans were scared of unfamiliar things. They were even more reluctant to approach unfamiliar beings if they’re far stronger than they are. Therefore, the more Carlton showcased his strength and danced with his blade, the more people feared him. If Carlton were a knight or perhaps some aristocrat’s slave, they might not be so reluctant to approach, but his status as a mercenary made others even more uncomfortable.

Of course, the mercenary was used to such treatment; besides, he intentionally acted crueller in order to garner more hostility and stoke anger. He shouldn’t be upset with that. It was better to cause fear than to be considered a pushover.

However, it felt strange to hear such gratitude and to receive small gifts. He had never felt so awkward and embarrassed. Carlton stuffed the acorns into his pocket with a sullen expression.

“With how you took care to store those acorns, it doesn’t seem like you hate it–relax your face. That child’s getting scared.” Luisen giggled beside him. His companion got acorns as a gift from a child! ‘It’s so funny, I might laugh to death. Carlton’s men need to see this!’

For a long while, the villagers’ enthusiasm didn’t cool off. After a while, waiting for the buzzing energy to subside, the village chief ran barefoot over to the two after hearing the news. “Thank you so much for saving our village. You two are our saviors.”

After spouting out a deluge of thanks, he calmly invited Luisen and Carlton into his house. The man presented himself with mature dignity–though he may not have been wearing shoes. Luisen glanced at the chief’s bare feet from time to time as they walked alongside the older man.

“By the way, Mark… No, the guard captain, requested you to come here?”

“He said he had grown up in this village.”

“That’s right. He’s the most successful person from our town. 1 Anna is also from our village–oh, Anna is the name of Mark’s wife. He must have sent someone because he lost all contact with our village. He’s a very attentive man.” The chief seemed very proud that his small village produced someone that went on to become a guard captain.

“There’s that–but we were also incredibly worried about his wife. Come to think of it, where is she? I’d like to give her her husband’s greetings and hand her his letter.” Luisen looked around at the villagers. He couldn’t see a pregnant woman or a swollen stomach anywhere. Was she not well enough to walk around outside? The young lord began to worry whether or not the village was able to endure the troubles the giant centipede had inflicted.

But the chief suddenly stopped and urgently asked, “Anna? He said that Anna was currently in our village? Didn’t Anna return to Confosse?”

What was he saying?

Luisen and Carlton also stopped. The chief’s face turned starkly pale. How ominous.





TL: Carlton’s very emotionally constipated…but in a moe way.





Footnotes




The text uses the word 친구, which means friend. This doesn’t necessarily mean that the old man considers our guard captain a friend. The word could mean someone you’re friendly with, someone who’s the same age as you, or someone that you’re aligned with. In this case, I bet the captain is saying that the guard captain is someone they are well acquainted with and is therefore using the word “friend” because they are from the same village. This could be both affectionate, familial, and distant at the same time. Either way, it’s hard to put all that nuance into text, so I localized it with a bit more impersonal ‘person.’





Chapter 62


Chapter 62



This wasn’t some matter that could be talked about on the open streets, so the three hurried into the chief’s house. As soon as they sat down at the table, Luisen asked, “What are you saying? The captain’s wife went back to Confosse?”

“It’s just as I said. Anna returned to Confosse about a month ago.”

The chief talked more about Anna, the wife. Luisen and Carlton already knew she had returned to her hometown to give birth. However, as soon as she arrived home and unpacked, she had a gigantic fight with her family; she packed up her luggage and said she’d go back. “She and her family originally didn’t have the best relationship. I asked them then, their daughter had finally returned to give birth–is it worth this fight? But, they told me it was family business…”

“Still, she’s pregnant… They let her go off alone?”

“Anna left with an entourage that came with her–an old woman and a servant. They were a small group, but they had a carriage as well. That’s enough. They made the safe journey here, after all.”

“Back then, was the centipede absent from the forest?”

At Luisen’s question, the chief looked hopeless, “Perhaps.”

“Perhaps?”

“Now that I think about it… It might have already infested the woods by then… But, at that time, we had no idea such a monster would live there.”

The villagers only noticed the giant centipede’s existence when it attacked their home–that’s when it showed its face for the first time. Until that moment, they had felt the forest was different from usual, but they had never expected for a giant centipede monster to appear. The forest had been their safe haven for a long while; they had vaguely thought they’d be sheltered.

“They arrived safely, so I thought they’d be fine going back as well. Furthermore, I couldn’t afford to spend more attention on Anna’s matters.”

“Why?”

“It was that night–the centipede attacked the village.”

The night Anna had left, the monster attacked. Many people died fighting back against the centpiede. People were terrified; their livelihoods were paused, and they were isolated within the village. They held out, afraid that the centipede may invade again; they survived by wasting the food they had stored for winter. He couldn’t afford to worry about someone who had left when their lives were in immediate danger.

“To be honest…I had completely forgotten about Anna until this Revered Pilgrim inquired about her. Then… you’re saying Anna isn’t at Confosse? She didn’t return at all?”

“Yes. At least, according to the guard captain…”

“Oh god, how could this happen?” The chief wiped his face with trembling hands. He quickly escaped to the kitchen, saying that he’d bring tea. The two could hear the chief crying from the kitchen–it seemed like he knew Anna well. This news must have come as a huge shock.

Disturbed, Luisen turned towards the mercenary. “The guard captain said his wife had gone home, and the chief said that the wife had returned to Confosse shortly afterwards. However, the wife is nowhere to be found. What in the world is going on?”

“There’s no need to complicate matters. The captain’s wife disappears; and no one knew of that fact because of the monstrous centipede.”

“…When you put it like that, it sounds simple.” Luisen grabbed his head. The guard captain had asked him to uncover the village’s situation, but that was incidental and secondary to the safety of his wife. However, now she’s gone missing! In the forest where the giant centipede roamed! No matter how optimistic the young lord tried to be, it all seemed futile.

“…Do you think she’s still alive?”

“It’s unlikely.” Carlton’s words were cruel but accurate. If the captain’s wife were still alive, she would have appeared somewhere–wherever that would be. Under these circumstances, it was very likely that she had been attacked by that monster.

“…What should we even say to the captain…” Luisen murmured.

How could he tell a man, eagerly waiting for his future child, that his wife died a month ago? The mere thought made him dizzy. Carlton patted the young lord on the back.

After weeping for a long while, the village chief returned to the table. He asked Luisen and Carlton to excuse him, left the house, and began to gather the villagers, informing them that Anna had disappeared. Then, along with the rest of the residents, the elder decided to look for the captain’s wife.

No one expected her to be alive, but many volunteered their services. The village, which had been excited enough to have a feast, was now grieving. A gloomy atmosphere befitting a funeral enveloped them all.



***



Leaving the village behind, Luisen and Carlton set out again. They couldn’t help the villagers, and they had to return to Confosse to give the captain the news.

They walked side by side along the forest road without riding on Zephys–the horse followed docilely behind. Luisen fiddled with the captain’s letter, which he carefully stored in his pocket. How could a floppy sheet of paper be so heavy? The thought of returning this letter, unable to be delivered, back to the original sender was the worst.

From behind them, they could hear noises from the hurried search party rummaging through the forest.

Then, Carlton suddenly put something at Luisen’s mouth. The young lord instinctively took a bite. “What is this? Mm? Jerky?”

As he mumbled, the salty taste bloomed on his tongue and a savory taste seeped out. It wasn’t as good as the ones made in the castle in his duchy, but the smoky scent and meat texture uplifted his mood. “When did you buy this?”

“I bought some–they were made at the inn. My duke keeps groping at his chest pocket–it looked empty.”

​​”Ah. I did?” Luisen’s face heated up. He was talking about the piece of beef jerky he always carried near his heart, right? Was it that obvious? It wasn’t necessarily a bad thing, but it was an embarrassing habit.

“I was going to use it if my duke wasn’t going to listen to my words, but I used it now.” Carlton handed the leftover pieces in his pocket to the young lord.

‘His tone sounds teasing, but he must have been paying attention to me.’ Luisen put the meat in his pocket after handing the mercenary a piece as well.

As they shared the beef jerky, it sounded like a pandemonium had broken out behind them. ‘What is it this time?’ Startled, Luisen turned around; simultaneously, they could hear a villager shouting.

“A carriage! Anna’s carriage!”

“We found the carriage! And…people….their corpses….Agh!”

Luisen turned to look at Carlton. ‘Let’s go–it could be the guard captain’s wife,’ his eyes conveyed. Carlton nodded–he understood the young lord’s silent signals.

They had found the carriage in an open space, a little off the road between Confosse and the village. It wasn’t so far from where the young lord and Carlton were. When the two arrived, several villagers had already gathered to observe the scene.

A small carriage, fit for two, had been broken and scattered across the vacant space. Blood had been splattered about–a disastrous sight.

“It seems the carriage went off road and drove wildly in that direction. They must have been attacked before trying to escape their pursuer,” Carlton, looking around the lot, said.

“Was that pursuer the giant centipede?”

“Most likely.”

As the young lord observed the area with his companion, a villager approached him.

“Revered Pilgrim. Over there…” The villager pointed to the side. Two corpses were laid neatly, side by side. Since they had been abandoned in the forest for a month, the bodies were in a pretty horrid condition. Luisen, though, was indifferent because he had seen too many horrible deaths. Seeing his attitude, the villagers thought that the pilgrim was a truly impressive being.

“Have you confirmed their identities?” Luisen asked.

“They don’t seem like residents of our village–they’re probably the servant and the old woman that were part of Anna’s entourage.”

“There’s only two there?”

“Yes. For now. We’re searching the surroundings at the moment… We’re planning to move them into the village right now, would you please pray for them before that?” the villagers cautiously asked. The people of this land were superstitious about moving those that had been recently deceased under unfortunate, unfair circumstances. They believed that if a priest prayed to soothe those regretful souls, it would all be fine.

A pilgrim was quite different from a priest, but, in the eyes of those ignorant of religious hierarchy, the two seemed similar. ‘I’m not even a pilgrim, really, but this is what the living requested.’

“I can pray for them, but it’s best to cremate the bodies. I’m a pilgrim, not a priest,” Luisen said.

“Thank you so much, Revered Pilgrim.”

Luisen approached the corpses and recited a short prayer. He copied the one-armed saint, who still remained vivdly in his memory–co-opting speech patterns, gestures, and the way he maintained eye contact with his audience. The performance was incredibly believable; even the vaguely or noncommittally faithful put their hands together and imitated prayer.

Carlton looked around the area while the young lord prayed. At the end of the prayer, the villagers moved to transport the bodies, and the mercenary approached Luisen. “They were attacked by the centipede.”

“You’re certain?”

“Yes.” Carlton brought Luisen around the carriage. When he brushed away the long grass with his foot, the young lord could see dotted tracks on the ground.

“What’s this?”

“It’s probably centipede tracks.”

“How can you know?”

“That monster doesn’t drag its body around; it travels by poking its legs, on either side, into the ground.”

Luisen recalled how, earlier, the centipede moved and tamped down on a wave of nausea, however futile his efforts may be. ‘Ngh! So gross!’

“And, if you look this way, there’s bloodstains alongside the tracks. It goes over there,” Carlton said.

“Then, the captain’s wife is…”

“From the lack of body and the bloodstains, she must have been taken by the centipede. With that said, I don’t think she’s still alive.”

​​”Mmm…”

It was somehow discomforting. Why would it leave the other two behind and just take the captain’s wife? If it wanted food, the servant would serve as a better meal.

Luisen stared motionlessly in the direction the footsteps led. Even though it was bright daylight and the sun was shining, the distant forest looked gloomy. The centipede was dead. They had burned it, destroying its corpse. Nevertheless, he had an ominous hunch that this whole business had not finished yet.





TL: Sorry this chapter was a little late T_T My tooth filling fell out so I panicked for the rest of my evening.





Chapter 63


Chapter 63



“Let’s follow the tracks,” Luisen suggested. It was one thing if they had passed by without discovering this; now that the two believed the blood that painted these footprints belonged to the captain’s wife, the young lord needed to personally confirm whether or not she was alive. How else could he face the guard captain later on?

“I believe it’d be best to return to Confosse. We’ve already done enough to fulfill his request.” Carlton considered it a waste of time to stay here. The search could be conducted by the villagers. The outcome was unlikely to change even if they joined forces.

“Don’t you find it strange that only the captain’s wife was taken away?”

“We have no way of knowing the centipede’s intentions. Besides, we also have no way of knowing if we’ll find the captain’s wife if we were to follow these tracks.”

“…Still, what if she’s alive? We should save her as soon as possible.”

“Then the villagers and the guard captain will take care of it. We have no time to meddle in another’s affairs.”

As Carlton said, they couldn’t afford to meddle. However, Luisen couldn’t feign ignorance now. The guard captain who worried about his wife and was waiting for the birth of his child; the chief who had cried alone in the kitchen at the news of Anna’s disappearance. The villagers who were overjoyed at the centipde’s death. Luisen had gotten to know them now.

Now that he’d gotten to know them, he couldn’t easily leave, carefree and unfeeling. Even if he were to leave this place and travel far away, his anxieties would hang to the tips of his hair, serving as a worrying reminder of the village’s plight

Time. If time was an issue, was there no other way to resolve this?

Luisen wracked his brains and thought of a good idea. “Let’s ask the chief to deliver the news to the guard captain. That way, we won’t have to return to Confosse and we’ll have more ease in our timeline. Hm?”

“Why would you go this far?”

“Something feels dangerous. I don’t think we should just abandon these villagers–these people don’t have the strength to protect themselves.”

Carlton fell into contemplation. No matter what the young lord said, he still thought this matter was pointless. ‘If I said no, right now, he’d listen to me, but… He’d be disappointed with me.’

He’d be the cold-hearted beast that turned a blind eye to those in need and only cared about his business. Though it was true that Carlton was that type of person, he didn’t want to appear that way to Luisen.

Furthermore, Luisen’s argument held some weight. As he said, if they sent someone else to Confosse, they’d have half a day to spare. Then, it wouldn’t be too much of a waste of time to join in the search. Even if they couldn’t go and convey the news to the guard captain directly, they’d save face by searching for his wife.

“…Alright. However, we can only spare half a day. If that time goes by and nothing appears, we must leave.”

“Of course! I won’t be stubborn at that point!” With Carlton’s permission, Luisen told the villagers that they’d decided to follow the centipede’s footprints. Several strong-looking village youths volunteered to follow the young lord.



***



Even though a long time had passed, the centipede’s footprints remained intact. It was fortunate that the sky hadn’t rained and the weather remained dry all the while. As they walked along the tracks, the two reached a big rock–the very same rock that could be seen from the village.

A large open space surrounded the large rock; the tracks were cut off due to the thick piles of fallen leaves.

“So it must have come over here…” Luisen crossed his arms over his chest and looked around. There was a rock over there and open space here. Just where would the centipede have gone? Unable to work it out, he looked towards Carlton.

“If a centipede’s den were to be here, it would be over there.” Carlton pointed at the large rock.

“Over there?”

“Centipedes like to be under rocks–dark and narrow.”



“Have you ever seen monsters that look like centipedes before?”

“No. However, monsters follow the creatures they resemble. Spider-type monsters spin webs; ant-type monsters cluster around and swarm others.”

“Mm…” Luisen really had no desire to know that. A spider or an ant the size of a child? Ugh. Just imagining them was gruesome and hair-raising. Luisen scratched at his arms automatically.

Carlton approached the giant rock. When he removed the fallen leaves piled up around it, a narrow gap between the rock and the ground appeared. At a surface glance, it looked like the gap was formed naturally.

“This must be the entrance to the centipede’s burrow.”

“This? Isn’t this just some gap in the ground? Isn’t it too small for something of the centipede’s size?”

“It may look like that from here, but it’s probably quite spacious below. The ground underneath is soft soil, and it would be quite easy for that monster to dig and build its home.” With that said, Carlton threw a small stone into the gap. The echoes from the stone rolling around lasted a long time. He was correct–contrary to its outward appearance, the burrow must have been deep and wide inside.

Luisen nodded. Carlton’s logic had never been wrong. The young lord thought it best to listen to smart people.

“I’ll have to go in.” Carlton hesitated–he wondered whether he could take the young lord inside something like a centipede burrow. For now, though, the centipede was dead; the young lord wouldn’t be in much danger. And, he was worried that something may happen to the young lord if he left Luisen on the surface. So, Carlton had Luisen follow him by holding onto his cape.

Carlton entered the cave first, followed by Luisen, and finally the youths from the village. As the mercenary said, after passing the narrow entrance, the inside was wide enough to stand and walk comfortably. However, the way forward was so dark it was hard to tell how deep the burrow was.

The group cautiously advanced while carrying a small torch. Like that, they walked for a long while. The path slightly careened downwards, so it felt like they were walking into a dark pit. The more they descended, the more the burrow smelled unpleasantly fishy. It must have been the combination of blood and rotting grass alongside the centipede’s natural scent. Furthermore, the walls were marked everywhere with the centipede’s footprints.

‘It’s definitely a centipede’s burrow, but…’

No matter how far they went, nothing appeared. As the long passage continued endlessly, Luisen’s initial tension had disappeared; now the young lord was struck by weary boredom. Suddenly, the surroundings changed: the ceiling had risen up and the sides opened wide. They had exited a hallway into a room. They had finally reached the end of the burrow. As he passed through the threshold, Carlton paused.

Luisen had been following absentmindedly and hit his forehead against the mercenary’s back. “What is it?”

“There’s something in front of us.”

“What’s in front of us?” Even though Luisen eagerly looked ahead, his eyes weren’t used to the darkness and couldn’t see very well.

“It’s on the floor.”

At Carlton’s words, a village youth stepped forward and shone a light around. ‘It’ appeared in that light.

A foot. A human foot.

Women. Three women were laying side by side on the floor. All of them were late-stage pregnant women and looked similar in physique and age. It looked as if the monster had purposely collected these pregnant women and displayed them side by side. They were stupefied by the unexpected discovery.

Did the centipede do this?

“Who’s the guard captain’s wife?” Carlton broke the silence.

One villager, who returned to his senses at the mercenary’s question, observed the women. “Here! This person is Anna.”

One of the three women was the captain’s missing wife. According to one of the village youths, the rest were also women from nearby villages along the forest borders. On the surface, the women looked perfectly fine. They must have been held underground for a long while, but they didn’t look thin or weak.

As a result, the village youth took courage and inspected them in closer detail. “They’re breathing! Their hearts are beating too…I think they’re alright.”

At first glance, the women appeared to be locked in deep sleep. ‘Whew.’ Luisen was incredibly relieved. ‘It was good to follow the centipede’s footsteps. If we hadn’t, we wouldn’t have found this burrow or saved these women.’

“Let’s hurry and take them outside. Let’s each take one person into our arms to move them,” the young lord said.

Underground, they had nothing to simulate a stretcher; it would take time to go out and bring one below. The best idea would be to carry the women in their arms. There were three women and three people that followed them from the village, so the numbers matched perfectly.

While the villagers took care of the women, Luisen and Carlton looked around the room to see if anything else was there.

The young lord, while fumbling around in the dark, inadvertently brought the torch to the wall. “Nngh.”

He had thought the walls were quite uneven–it turned out to be a huge bust.

The bust looked quite strange. It had the shape of a goat with four horns and three eyes. The torso protruded upwards and looked down, as if it were watching over the three women.

Below the bust, there was a stone platform. It wasn’t large, but soft cloth covered it; there were golden candlesticks on both sides with an incense burner in the center.

“Is this an altar?”

The shape and arrangement looked quite similar to altars seen inside churches. The only differences were in the decorating elements: gold candlesticks instead of silver; animal bones instead of flowers.

There was a gold plate placed atop the center of the altar. When one thought back to a church’s altar, that place was reserved for special holy relics. However, when Luisen lifted the object atop the plate for close inspection, it was a pocket knife the size of a finger. Though the darkness made it hard for the young lord to see, the knife was blunt and its engravings and decorations looked cheap.

""



Once again, Luisen glanced at the altar and the bust. “This is… too…strange.”

Everything in view was just too unnatural and illogical. Why was there an altar in a centipede’s den? What could that bust mean?

The giant centipede had only chosen pregnant women and kept them alive in its burrow. Sometimes, monsters were known to store their food fresh, but these women did not look as if they were set aside to serve as food stocks. They had been laid so neatly–as if they were displayed in front of that bust.

What kind of monster would do that? They eat, destroy, and breed. Those were a monster’s instincts; they were called monsters because they were slaves to those instincts.

The young lord was certain that a human’s hand must have meddled with this centipede’s burrow. Golden candlesticks, altars–those were things that only a human could retrieve.

‘So then, someone commanded the centipedes to retrieve these women?’

A human who played with monsters as if they were instruments

Luisen knew someone like that very well.





TL: What is this, resident evil? D: I’m not sure I want to find out what that altar was for.





Chapter 64


Chapter 64



‘Ruger…’

Ruger ran around with a group of people that had the power to command monsters. A month ago, Ruger would have been in the duchy; so, the person involved couldn’t have been Ruger. Luisen supposed this must’ve been the group’s doing.

They seemed to be scheming something with the bizarre power. Luisen had no idea who they were. With such strange happenings cropping up everywhere, rumors were bound to spread around.

‘Just what are they up to? What could they want? What benefit could come from their actions? What’s their connection with Ruger? Was their goal to kidnap me related to all this? Was it like this in the previous timeline? What’s going on?’

Luisen felt momentarily dizzy. It felt like he was staring down the dark abyss of a deep hole.

Carlton quietly approached and grabbed the young lord’s shaky shoulders. “Try not to think about anything else right now. First, we should take the women out of this place. We won’t be too late if we choose to think once we’ve reached a safe location.”

Taking heart from Carlton’s resolute tone, Luisen soon returned to his senses. “Yes, that’s right. First, we’ll leave… we can think later.”

The young village men were already carrying the women, one by one. The young lord tried to follow them quickly, but a gentle wind brushed past his cheek.

‘Hm? Wind?’

Carlton dragged the young lord into his embrace by his shoulders. Right before Luisen’s eyes, a black liquid sharply flew by. It barely brushed against the hem of his robes, and the cloth melted. ‘Argh! What is that?!’



Sh–Sh–Shhh~



An eerie sound echoed overhead. Luisen looked up quickly; there, a huge centipede clung to the ceiling, glaring at them. Its dozens of red eyes rolled around. Black drool dripped from between its sawlike teeth; when the liquid touched the ground, the soil corroded with a violent noise.

“Everyone, run!”

“Arghh!” The village youths discovered the centipede and ran away with the women in their arms. Luisen and Carlton, who brought up the rear, were in the most danger. Without thinking twice, Carlton carried Luisen in his arms and started running as well.



Bang!



The centipede crashed and stuck its head into the floor. Carlton dodged by a hair’s breadth and slipped into the hallway. The passage was narrow, long, and uphill. Since before them were the youths carrying the women, Carlton found it difficult to speed up.

The centipede bustled and clacked its dozens of legs and chased them while crawling along the walls.



Thud, Crash, Thud–!



Every time the centipede poked the wall with its leg, an earth-shattering vibration spread out.

“Argh! Didn’t that thing die? We burned its corpse just in case!” Luisen shouted.

“….It’s not the same monster.”

“What?”

“Centipedes travel in pairs, male and female. Damn–I just remembered. That’s a female centipede.”

It was bigger and longer than the monster that Carlton killed. So, you’re saying those things travel in pairs? There’s no doubt about it–this world had gone insane!

The young lord saw the centipede open its big mouth as if it were about to swallow him.

‘Arghhh!’ The young lord wrapped his arms around Carlton’s neck and legs around the mercenary’s waist. Forget about shame or propriety–none of that mattered if he died. With that determination in mind, he clung resolutely to his companion.

The centipede bared its teeth–pincers?—from time to time as it relentlessly chased them. Poisonous saliva trickled down through the gaps in its mouth. Luisen couldn’t help but to inwardly pray to god.

‘God. Why would you bring such a creature into this world?’ The holy deity was silent as always, but at least Luisen had Carlton.

Carlton tactfully defended by kicking at the centipede’s head or teeth. He bought time by smashing its head into the wall in between his defense. Thanks to that, the village youths and Luisen were able to crawl out of the den safely.

The villagers, who came after hearing the news, were gathered around the rock.

“What are you doing? Run away!” Luisen shouted, but the villagers, caught unaware, moved slowly. Calrton immediately placed the young lord on Zephys, drew his sword, and prepared for battle.

The ground rumbled throughout this short, uneasy silence.

At that moment, the centipede popped out from below the boulder as if it were flying into the sky. Dust and dirt rose like a cloud as soon as it appeared. Underneath the bright sunlight, the monster showed off its majestic form. Its long, wriggling body seemed like it was made of steel; the long, spindly legs were bent at precise right angles and moved freely. Every time it clacked its legs in the air, a sharp noise rang out.



Keeeeeeeeeee–!



The centipede screeched. The villagers panicked, and the empty meadow soon turned into a pandemonium.

“I-It’s a centipede!”

“It’s alive! Arghhh!”

​​”Save us!”

Scared, the villagers fled in all directions. However, the centipede stood straight and stayed still. It didn’t go after the running people and simply hissed and tried to intimidate Carlton.

“Why does it seem like, in my eyes at least, it’s focusing only on you?” Luisen asked.

“It knows I’m the one who killed her husband.” Carlton snorted.

‘Could he really laugh at a time like this? My legs are shaking right now.’ The young lord couldn’t decide whether or not to admire Carlton’s guts or to cry. Actually, no, he just wanted to cry.

‘If I knew that we’d encounter a monster like that, I’d have never taken this request! We were originally going to just meet the captain’s wife, deliver a letter, and obtain a reply. Simple, safe, and heartwarming!’

There was no use regretting things now. The female centipede ran towards the mercenary at a high speed. In the blink of an eye, it came directly in front of Luisen and Carlton. Lifting its upper torso, it swung forward and thrust its pincers. The mercenary parried its pincers with his sword and, this time, swung his blade at one of the legs.



Clank–!



Alongside the sound of metal clashing against metal, his blade bounced off the leg. Carlton intended to cut off the legs gradually, like he did with the male centipede, but failed. It seemed as if the female’s body was harder and tougher.

As soon as it weathered that first attack, it stuck its body into the ground and swung around. The legs moved in perfect synchronization as its torso wriggled about. In an instant, the centipede circled around Luisen and Carlton to their rear and attacked simultaneously with its tail and head. The attack wasn’t aimed solely at the mercenary; it would also involve the young lord in its path.

“Aghh!” Luisen hugged Zephys’ neck. The horse deftly dodged by jumping over the centipede’s tail.

Carlton, anticipating the head’s attack, easily dodged and posed to scratch the eyes sideways in a counterattack. However, the centipede was frighteningly fast. The numerous joints on its huge body allowed it to speedily change directions with little force needed. It dodged by plunging its head to the ground, and Carlton’s sword only gazed past its black antennae.

Kyaak–! Kyaaagh–!

The centipede screeched as it burrowed into the soil.

Rumble–

The ground shook as if an earthquake was happening; a thick cloud of dust rose into the air. As soon as Carlton attempted to grab its tail, it spat out some saliva from that end–the very same acidic saliva that had melted cloth. The mercenary could not approach, and the monster soon vanished underground.

“?”

“Damn it!” Carlton flung his body sideways as he swore. Simultaneously, accompanied by a hair-raising roar, the centipede popped out with an open maw–exactly where the mercenary had been standing just seconds before. It was too close for comfort.

‘This won’t work. We’ll need to both run away.’ Luisen tried to pull on Zephys’ reins to direct the horse towards its owner. “No! Go back! Your master might die like this!”

Zephys brushed off the young lord’s shouts and moved away from the battle scene. The young lord dismounted, somehow, but there was nothing more he could do. He knew that running to the mercenary would just make him into a bigger burden; Luisen was forced to watch his companion struggle.

The female centipede then launched various attacks. It seemed like it was taking everything for the mercenary to even block the attacks. Even if he somehow placed his blades against the centipede’s joints, the monster soon fled underground and jumped out of some unexpected vantage point to continue the onslaught of attacks. Each time that happened, the mercenary had to move in an ungainly way and fling himself out of the line of danger. He didn’t have to move a single step while fighting the male centipede, but now it looked difficult to stand on his two feet.

Luisen felt like something acrid was burning in his mouth.

However, Carlton was smiling.

‘Where did that come from?’ The female centipede was an incomparably tricky opponent compared to her counterpart. Not only was it strong, fast, and gigantic…but the difference it its weight distribution made it hard for the mercenary to aim for its eyes. The hard outer skin protected everywhere else. It was clever enough to know that Carlton was aiming for its eyes, so it didn’t attack with its mandibles again.

Its appearance, ferocity, and strength–furthermore what it had done to this forest. All that was enough to crown this centipede as a ‘named monster.’ It would go down in history.

‘If one kills a thing like that, they’ll become super famous.’

Along with the news of the emergence of a new monster, stories of the person who slayed it would spread as well. Even if one killed dozens of monsters like Orcs, they wouldn’t be able to attain that sort of reputation. Fame was like gold for mercenaries like Carlton–the more the better. So, naturally, Carlton couldn’t help but smile.

Carlton’s sword split through one of the joints on the centipede’s countless black legs. His blow struck true, but the centipede hid in the ground again; the mercenary couldn’t continue his offense.

Carlton was searching for an opportunity. The more he took damage, the sharper his gaze became. He tapped the ground with his feet. As soon as the centpiede burrowed into the ground and popped out once more, Carlton plunged his sword down with all his might.

Kyaaaaaaaaaargh–!

The centipede’s wail rang out. The attack was half successful. Originally, the mercenary aimed for the eyes but missed by a narrow margin and caught the edge of the socket. Though Carlton was hit by the centipede’s head, he landed stably on the ground.

‘I wish I could have poked through the eye in one shot, but…’ He didn’t think he would be able to defeat the monster in one blow anyway. It had too extraordinary of a reflex. That was alright, though. Carlton wasn’t aiming for a single blow.

The centipede stood upright. It slammed into the ground and wriggled around.



Kyaaaaaagh–!



It was the first time the monster had ever felt that kind of pain. It was born strong and had never been hurt before. In addition, anger and fear compounded in its monstrous body from the fact that the same human that had killed its husband was pushing it to this extent. Its monstrous instinct, which had laid dormant from complacency, had revived.

‘I have to live. I have to escape!’ it thought.

However, things didn’t work out according to the centipede’s wishes.



Rummmmbleee–!



A grumble echoed deep from underground; the soil caved in right underneath its feet.





* * *





TL: Hi, as I upload this, I just found like 5 centipedes that burrowed its way into my apartment and I’m rightfully a bit freaked out right now haha. This is why Summer is not my fave season T_T At least winter keeps the bugs out.





Chapter 65


Chapter 65



The ground collapsed right below the centipede’s feet. When the centipede burrowed through the ground with its gargantuan body, it caused a disturbance in the stability of the soil, and the ground was weakened. It could not withstand the weight of the monster anymore. To make matters worse, the large nearby boulder fell over onto the centipede’s body.



Kyaaaaaagh–!



Carlton leisurely stepped outside the hazardous zone. The ground’s collapse was one of his goals.

The centipede dug into the ground and hid whenever it found itself at a disadvantage. Naturally, the monster left behind a long tunnel whenever it did so. Of course, the ground beneath his feet shook. Without fail, those passages would collapse. At that moment, the huge boulder caught the mercenary’s eyes. Carlton deliberately led the centipede to hide underground and sought to counterattack it near the large boulder. Just as he expected, the centipede faltered in confusion in the collapsing soil and was squashed by the boulder.

When the tremors subsided, Carlton approached the centipede. The centipede struggled until the end–when it saw the mercenary approached, it clacked its mandibles at him. However, that was all it could do. The monster’s body was a wreck–it couldn’t push the boulder away. It couldn’t even escape into the ground.

Carlton casually stepped on the centipede’s head and inserted his sword into the monster’s bright red eyes. Several times. The monster screeched and hit its tail onto the ground, flopping about in its dying throes. Eventually, it wearied, and the centipede’s body went limp.

This was Carlton’s victory.

“W-Wow…” Luisen mouth gaped wide open. That was a more dramatic reversal than any theatric play. Just when it had seemed like the mercenary was pushed back by the centipede, he had killed the monster in an instant. At first, the young lord wondered if Carlton had gotten lucky, but the young lord soon changed his mind when he saw the mercenary avoiding the danger zones. It was clear that he had defeated the centipede through precise calculations.

He took advantage of the centipede’s own strengths–its ability to hide underground–against the monster. What a clever, quick-witted ploy. Amazing. So cool. How could he act so boldly when his life was at stake? Even though he was a mere observer, Luisen felt like his heart would burst.

“Wow, that person killed the centipede all by himself!” The villagers, who could not escape far away, gathered around the young lord to watch Carlton’s fight. Everyone was mesmerized by the dramatic turnabout victory. They had yet to be struck by the reality that the centipede was now only a cooling corpse.

Carlton beheaded the monster. Then, as if he were kicking a ball, he launched the Centipede’s head away.

""



“W-Wow… Waaaahhhh!!!!” The villagers went wild–a wave of excitement swept through them. It finally sunk in–the monster was dead. That mercenary had killed two monsters and saved the town again!

Paying no heed to who should approach the man first, the people rushed at Carlton. The villagers scrambled around to praise him. Luisen had also joined the crowd and approached his companion.

Carlton smiled cheekily–despicably confident–when he saw the young lord. When Luisen saw that smile, his breath was suddenly caught in his throat. Though the mercenary remained victorious, if the heavens willed it and turned their favor away, Carlton could have been caught in the ground’s collapse and defeated by the centipede’s blind struggle.

‘Why are you laughing like that when things could have been disastrous? You make your audience’s heart burn with worry.’

“You…You madman.”

“Was it so bad that, instead of a compliment, you must curse at me?” Carlton protested.

Luisen tried to speak further but soon surrendered himself to a surge of emotion. He strode up to the man and hugged the mercenary tightly.

Carlton opened his eyes wide with shock; his pupils rapidly shook side to side. “…Revered pilgrim?”

His dumbfounded expression did not suit his veteran mercenary identity. Paying no heed, Luisen hugged Carlton even tighter and whispered in to his ears, “You did well–very impressive. You’re truly the best.”

Carlton had been through many battles, but compliments–not ones fueled through fear or jealousy, true praise–were unfamiliar to him. It tickled the mercenary, but he didn’t hate it. Rather, it felt like his heart was swelling.

Carltons hands hesitated for a moment before returning Luisen’s embrace. At that sight, the villagers, drunk on triumph, went wild. They hugged each other and comforted each other for their struggles.

The heated atmospehre did not subside for a while; soon the others, who heard the centipede’s screeches, joined the masses. In the midst of that atmosphere, Luisen and Carlton held each other for quite a long while.



***



By the time the centipede was killed, the sun had already set. Luisen and Carlton stayed overnight in the village. Though the village felt that even a grand feast wasn’t sufficient for their valiant heores, the night passed quietly–after all, the aftershocks of the ground collapsing had reached the village outskirts, breaking things here and there. They simply couldn’t afford it.

The next day: Unexpected people arrived at the village at dawn: the guard captain at Confosse and one of the ruling Lord’s knights. After being contacted by the village chief, the guard captain had raced here with a few others; the knight had recieved a call, around two months ago, that there were suspicious folks wandering about the forest. Though the knight was hesitant of the veracity of such rumors, he had appeared as well.

They were startled at the state of the village and nearly fainted at the sight of the centipede’s corpse. After receiving updates from the villagers, the guard captain and knight wanted to see Luisen and Carlton–each for their own reasons. However, the two had already left the village at dawn.

The two thought their presence would be too burdensome for the impoverished village; there was no need to stay any longer when they have done all they needed to do. So, they left the room and left behind a single note explaining their thought process…

Honestly, they had escaped at down because they didn’t want to draw more attention, but they couldn’t add that detail into the note. The villagers were deeply moved at the thought that their heores were so considerate of their difficult situation.

Among the grateful, the captain’s heart was especially affected. Luisen and Carlton had ventured into a cetipede den to find his missing wife. They could have just returned to him and informed him of his wife’s disappearance; the fact that they had taken such a risk to keep their promise to him and return Anna to safety moved him to tears.

Thanks to that, his wife had safely woken from her stasis. Though she didn’t remember anything that had happened after being captured by the centipede, she remembered a person–the revered pilgrim perhaps?–caressing her forehead. The guard captain reflected on the holy doctrine as he recalled the pilgrim that had protected his family–a light that shine mercifully upon those in the dark. Were they sent by God to shine light upon their world? The married couple gave thanks for their safety and prayed for a safe pilgrimage for Luisen and Carlton.

A few weeks later, the captain’s wife gave birth: a healthy daughter. The couple named their child with a religiously symbolic name, one that meant ‘God’s blessing,’ to honor their savior.



***



The Anies duchy was grieving, drowning in sorrow.

Not long ago, they had lost contact with the entourage that left for the capitol; only Ruger had returned to the duchy. Injured and exhausted, Ruger said that the group was suddenly attacked by some monsters; in the midst of that chaos, Carlton had abducted Luisen. At first, they couldn’t believe Ruger’s words, but, as all others had died, they had no choice but to believe in him.

The Anies duchy went out all in their efforts to find Luisen but found nothing. As time passed and anxiety increased, they could only languish in their helplessness.

Ruger, who had manufactured this whole situation, also wasn’t in a good shape. ‘Damn it. Where the hell is he?’

He had no idea where Carlton and Luisen were either.

After Carlton jumped into the waterful, Ruger scoured the surrounding area. Contrary to his expectations that he’d find them soon, Luisen could not be found anywhere. ‘I thought he’d return to the dukedom, but..’

Luisen was like a snail–he tended to hide away in his home at the hint of danger. That person thought that the duchy and capital were all that mattered due to his limited wordly knowledge.

‘Then, he should have returned to the duchy.’

Ruger had his helper explore the surroundings with the direwolves and returned to the dukedom alone. Then, he lied to everyone, stating that Carlton had kidnapped Luisen. Someone needed to be the scapegoat and the mercenary was a notoriously good fit for the job.

‘Without that bastard, the plan would have been perfect.’

Whether by scaring Luisen into running away under the cover of darkness or to succeed in his kidnapping attempt…if it hadn’t been for Carlton, Luisen would be in his grasp by now.

‘I didn’t like him from the first time we met. He has no idea what he’s spouting. Does he think that, because he can run all over the place, he’s all that? Nothing changes the vulgarity of his lowborn status.’

Ruger loathed Carlton–he was frustrated that Luisen and the mercenary were left alone together.

However, Luisen did not appear no matter how long he waited. His master, who placed him as a secret agent and ordered the kidnapping, had grilled him for more information; his subordinates had no idea where they should go. While suffering from a head-rending head-ache, he had learned that Carlton’s men had been captured.

Ruger rushed to go meet the mercenary’s men–it was exceedingly difficult to do so. The general had prevented anyone from seeing them. Ruger had gone to the general to try and discuss this matter, but the man had kicked Ruger out saying, “Just focus on your own recovery.”

Ruger snorted as he closed the door to the general’s office. ‘What? He wants me to focus on my own health and nothing else? How dare this old man play tricks with me.’

It was obvious that the man had just given him a generic excuse. Even though Ruger had a bandage wrapped around his head, the general had not once asked how he was feeling.

‘He must be blocking me from meeting with Carlton’s men. He’s suspicious of me.’

The general did not believe that Carlton had kidnapped Luisen. Rather, he doubted Ruger. Because he suspected that there were hidden factors in this case, he had to do something to uncover some information.

The old vassal who had led the duchy for so long was disgustingly clever. It was fascinating how a man like that could raise a fool like Luisen.

‘Does he really think that I won’t be able to uncover information without his permission?’ Ruger paced in front of the general’s office like an obsessed man before heading for a deserted hallway. Soon, a maid came out of an office and, after confirming no others were nearby, went after Ruger.

“Dear, are you alright?” The maid asked Ruger in a pitying tone as she caressed his face.

She was a low-level maid in charge of various chores in the general’s office and someone Ruger had put a great deal of effort into. She believed that she and Ruger were intimate lovers, but, to Ruger, she was a useful source of information. That’s why he approached her in the first place. This time as well he was sure he’ll be able to find more information through her.

“I guess the general doesn’t trust me because I’m an outsider,” Ruger bowed his head as if he were lost in emotion.

The maid’s heart was shaken by Luisen’s distressed performance. ‘It wasn’t like he wanted to do anything bad; he wanted to do all he could as a sick person.’ This time, she felt like the General went overboard. “I heard a few things…”

A lover’s weak visage was enough to stimulate her sympathy. ‘Why is it so hard to say only a few words to cheer up a loved one?’

""





***



‘Confosse. Confosse, huh.’ Ruger reflected on what he had heard from the maid. The general must have been very careful–much of her information wasn’t very useful–but it was still interesting to hear that Carlton’s subordinates were caught near Confosse.

‘Those guys were waiting for Carlton at Confosse. The duke must be with the mercenary, I suppose.’

It was easy to figure out that Luisen and Carlton were not returning to the duchy and were, instead, heading straight to the capital.

‘That’s why I couldn’t find them no matter how hard I searched. They’re acting opposite to my expectations–I’m sure this is Carlton’s idea. The duke isn’t so bold.’

Ruger clenched his fist as he imagined Carlton threatening his duke and forcing him to the capital. Anger bubbled up from within him.

‘I’ll need to personally go to Confosse. I’ll retake the Duke with my own hands.’

It didn’t matter if Luisen had already gone past Confosse. The direwolves had an amazing sense of smell–he was confident that the monsters would be able to chase quickly as long as they started there.

‘I guess I must catch Luisen myself. Since I cared for and betrayed my owner, I must finish this well.’ Ruger’s thoughts were somewhat contradictory, but those thoughts came so naturally to the man that he didn’t notice the contradiction at all.





* * *





TL: The heartwarming moment between Lusien and Carlton was so sweet >.<

Also, There’s something quite suss about Ruger’s thought processes. He’s uh…very possessive over his ‘master.’





Chapter 66


Chapter 66

Part 7: I feel as if someone is watching me in the dark

The night they defeated the centipede: Luisen and Carlton sat in the dark room, seated across each other, and discussed the day’s events.

Considering the circumstances, they were convinced that the giant centipede that had kidnapped the women was acting on someone’s orders–someone who had the power to control monsters. From that fact alone, it was clear that this mystery person was in cohorts with Ruger. He and his gang’s final goal wasn’t Luisen’s abduction–they had other plans and Luisen’s abduction was simply one of them.

They had too little information; their tactics were so unprecedented so they had few guesses as to their identity or motives.

The only certainty was that the group must be conducting evil somewhere else as well–a huge conspiracy scheming underneath the eyes of those that believed peace had arrived after the chaos of the civil war.

‘In anycase, we must leave here quickly.’

Since Carlton’s men were captured in Confosse and taken to the duchy, Ruger must have a great interest in Confosse. If they linger, they may be caught by the combined forces of his colleague, who controlled the centipede, and Ruger.

Due to those thoughts, they escaped the village before sunrise. They were ignorant to the fact that they had left such a lasting impression on the villagers and the guard captain.

The sudden separation created room for lingering regrets; the people did not forget this benevolence for a long time and spread tales of the pious pilgrim and his mercenary, who were clearly sent by God. Both Luisen and Carlton did not expect that.

Since then, the two moved constantly. It was an easy journey in many ways thanks to the supplies they bought at Confosse and Zephys. In the distance, they started to see the vague outlines of the city.

The port city: Mittil.

In this kingdom, a large river, originating from the western mountains, divides the country’s land mass. One had to cross this river to go from the South to the other parts of the kingdom, and port cities, large and small, developed along the river basin.

Mittil was the most prosperous port city among them. It had the adantage of being an easy access point to move eastward through the river.

Luisen was also familiar with this city because, in the past, Luisen had crossed through this area on his way to the capital. As an aristocrat, he enjoyed all sorts of luxuries in this port; however, the city left the strongest impression after the young lord made his moonlit escape in the previous timeline.

​​As he ran away in the night from the duchy and blindly went northwards, Luisen came to Mittil in order to cross the river. There were no gate inspections, so he could easily enter the city. The problem, though, was the ship. At that time, he had not known that one had to buy a ticket to board a boat, so he was caught and immediately kicked out of the boat.

‘Now that I am reminded of that, I’m embarrassed.’ Luisen’s face heated up at that old memory and he fanned his hands wildly.

“Are you tired? The sunlight is a bit strong.” Carlton raised his hands over the young lord’s head and blocked the sun rays. The resulting shadow was big perhaps because of the mercenary’s large hands.

Anyway, that’s when someone approached that foolish past-Luisen. The man said he’d buy the ship ticket for him, so the young lord handed him the money. That man took the money and bounced; Luisen was swindled. At the time, he felt the world was so unfair, but that anecdote showed exactly how naive the young lord was back then.

‘Still, I had good luck.’

While he was crying on the side of the road in frustration, a merchant caravan approached him and asked about his situation. The merchant felt sorry for the swindled Luisen and bought a ticket for him. The ticket’s seat was for a third-class commoner’s ship, but at least the young lord was able to cross the river.

On second thought, there were so many good people in this world. Like the saint and those back in the duchy.

‘Are the people back at the castle in the duchy doing well…?’

Luisen looked back. There was no way he could see the castle, but for some reason his heart strings were still tugged. These days he’s been worried about the people back home. Ruger might be tormenting the denizens of his duchy with his evil power.

‘I’ll quickly go to the capital and reveal the truth.’

He’ll save his people from Ruger’s grasp. After gaining a solid foothold in the capital, he’ll return safely to his castle and serve as a proper lord. He just hoped that the people in the duke’s castle will hold firm until then. Luisen steeled his heart.

***

Luisen and Carlton were able to enter Mittil with heads high because thanks to the Pilgrim’s pass and Carlton’s mercenary tag.

As they were posing as people on a pilgrimage, the two went to the church and prayed for the sake of formality and quickly escaped without encountering the priest. Then, they headed to the mercenary’s guild. There were always mercenaries in Mittil’s guild that were seeking safe and well-paying commissions.

When Luisen entered the mercenary guild, all the mercenaries’ eyes were on the young lord. Though he was covered head to toe with clothes, the way he opened the door was so aristocratic. The pilgrim’s pass at his waist shone brilliantly.

‘He’s a pilgrim from a noble family, huh? Then, is he going to request an escort?’

‘There’s nothing easier than escorting a pilgrim. I should obtain his commission.’

The mercenaries all stood up to talk to the young lord. At that moment Carlton followed Luisen inside. He naturally placed his hand on the young lord’s shoulders and glared at all the focused gazes in the room. ‘What are you guys looking at?’ the mercenary’s eyes seemed to say.

Although the folk in the room were tough and rugged mercenaries that have been through many hardships, Carlton’s sturdy physique and vicious eyes discouraged them.

‘Man, that guy’s already spoken for,’ The mercenaries calmly lowered their eyes and sat their butts back down in their seats–there was no point in continuing to stand. Carlton grinned contemptuously at their reactions.

Meanwhile, Luisen headed for the guild’s reception window. “I heard in Yeokcham village that we’d receive money if we defeat monsters? Is that true?”

“Yes, yes. That’s correct.”

The indifferent employee at the terminal responded, “You’ve brought evidence, right? If you don’t have proof that you’ve defeated the monster, we can’t pay. Give me your proof.”

“Here? There’s just…a lot of it.”

There were many mercenaries who insisted that they had defeated dozens of monsters without any evidence. Perhaps the clerk assumed that’s what they’re like. The employee held out a small basket impetuously. While Luisen was hesitant and in a bind, the staff impatiently tapped his basket.

Carlton’s temper flared when the clerk acted arrogantly towards his client. “If he wants it so much, we’ll have to give it to him, yes?”

Carlton spilled the contents of the bag he was carrying.

Roll– Crash– Plop–

By-products, such as the monster’s horn, eyes, and noses, poured out and piled high like a mountain on the till. A monster’s unique stench and rotten blood scent spread throughout the building. The employee looked on with their mouth wide open. “T-This… All…”

“Please count the bills. There’s more.”

“T-There’s more?!”

Leaving the bewildered guild staff behind, Carlton brought two more sacks. Even the observing mercenaries stared with their mouths gaping. ‘That’s overboard, honestly.’

When Carlton found out that money would be given for defeated monsters, he hunted them like a madman. If one didn’t know the mercenary’s motive, he would have looked like a psychopath obsessed with blood. Actually, the man still looked like that despite Luisen’s knowledge about this situation. Later on, the young lord even felt sorry for those monsters.

However, Carlton simply stated, “What’s wrong.” From his point of view, monsters were just walking coins. Carlton couldn’t just pass by coins that were dropped onto the ground, after all. Of course, if he were alone, the mercenary wouldn’t have gone that far; however, Carlton had Luisen with him. If he could catch one more monster, he could buy Luisen another piece of jerky. Instead of hard, dark bread, he could feed the young lord soft, white bread. Of course he had to defeat more.

The monetary settlement process took a long time; Carlton could line his pockets as he wished.

Luisen grumbled as he left the mercenary’s guild. “It’s too much…”

“We must earn money while we can. I promised that I’d make sure you won’t lack.”

‘I can’t believe he still cared about what happened in Confosse. Was his pride really that affected by how we had to sell my hair?’ Luisen inwardly clicked his tongue. Of course, Carlton wasn’t thinking that, but Luisen wouldn’t know that.

“Let’s go buy something.” Carlton pulled Luisen closer by the shoulder. The young lord followed along. Since there were so many people around, Carlton walked around naturally with his arms around the lord’s shoulders. Luisen, who had become accustomed to the mercenary’s embrace while on horseback, didn’t mind and felt comfortable.

Carlton spent the money excitedly. New clothes, new shoes, even underwear and socks–luxuries they couldn’t afford for a while. Luisen understood that they had buy necessities, but the mercenary was going overboard and was trying to buy things that weren’t necessary for this trip.

“How about that?” Carlton said.

“…Where would I use a hat fitted with a peacock feather?”

“What about this?”

“…Do we have need of silk shirts now?”

At Luisen’s snap, Carlton turned around regretfully. He thought both the peacock hat and the silk shirt would suit the young lord well. Luisen felt like death while being dragged around. If this were a food stall, that would be a different matter, but Luisen wasn’t as materialistic as he was a glutton. “What are you trying to buy? I don’t need anything more, so let’s buy your supplies. No–let’s not add to our baggage and go eat some food.”

At the young lord’s grumbles, Carlton bought some candy and handed it over. Candy was pretty expensive for a treat–Luisen didn’t refuse because he was greedy for the sweet, but he also had concerns. “Shouldn’t we save some money?”

“It’s fine. We can always earn more. I can do that much–you saw, right?” Carlton put on airs.

‘It must be nice to be *so* talented,’ Luisen shook his head. ‘The more I see him, there’s an element of childishness to that man.’

The young lord mumbled around the candy in his mouth. Suddenly, he remembered a question he had for a long time, “How old are you?”

‘How old is he to still have these sort of temper tantrums?’

Carlton pretended not to hear. However, the young lord did not miss how the mercenary’s grin turned rigid. ‘See that? Why is he ignoring me?’

“I’ve never heard how old you are. Zephys is now 7 years old? You took him and ran away, correct? Uh… Then…” Luisen counted by folding fingers. “…You’re an adult, right? You’re not still a minor, right?”

“Of course I’m an adult! Do I look like I could still be a child?”

“Well, with that face, body, and temperament… It’d be concerning if you weren’t at least 20.”

“Yes, yes. I’m the same as my duke.”

“That can’t be! If he ran away from home at 15, he should be 22 years old now?! Huh? You… Are you perhaps younger than me…?” Luisen shouted. ‘Am I older? Is that true?’

Carlton slipped away, pretending to look at the stalls on the other side of the street.

‘Huh? What’s with that reaction?!’

Luisen tugged at Carlton’s arm and urged him for an answer. Though the mercenary kept trying to avert his gaze, Luisen’s blue eyes were too sparkly and beautiful to ignore. Still, he didn’t really want to talk about his age, so he tried a different tactic. “I don’t know exactly when I was born, so I don’t know my proper age as well.”

“Does that even make sense?”

“I’ve told you how aloof my family is.”

Luisen narrowed his eyes. For some reason, he strongly felt that the other was simply giving him excuses to avoid answering the question. However, if that tragic story was true, it’d be tactless to ask further.

The young lord couldn’t believe his companion had countered his slight teasing with a sorrowful familial woe. What a quick-witted man. Luisen raised both hands in a surrendering gesture, “Fine. I won’t ask you any further. You really don’t want to talk about it, do you?”

“No harm done now that you understand. By the way…” Carlton, chuckling, whispered into Luisen’s ear, “I believe we’re being followed.”



TL: Omg Carlton, you guys aren’t even dating yet, this is so much.





Chapter 67


Chapter 67



‘We’re being trailed? He’s joking, right?’

When Luisen looked doubtful, Carlton slightly shook his head.

‘We’re seriously being followed?’

Just as the young lord was about to look back, Carlton’s hand blocked him. “Look forward, and please follow behind me naturally.”

Carlton picked up something random from the stall, paid for it, and moved on naturally. Luisen walked in tandem with the mercenary’s footsteps, but his body felt like it was carved from wood. At least his clothing was relatively baggy, otherwise his awkwardness would have been noticed.

Carlton, unable to stand the stiltedness, placed his arms around Luisen’s shoulder. Honestly, the young lord felt more comfortable like this.

The mercenary glanced sneakily behind him. He purposefully sped up and slowed down at random intervals, trying to catch his opponent off guard. The trailing man looked somewhat awkward as he floundered about–he didn’t appear to be a professional tracker.

‘He’s nothing special.’ Carlton sped up around the corner. He pushed Luisen against the hard stone bricks and plastered his body against the wall as well. Then, he stuck out a leg and tripped the man who rushed after them hurriedly. Simultaneously, he grabbed the man’s arm, bent it behind the back, and pressed his knees against the man’s waist.

“Ack!”

In one stroke, the mercenary overpowered the man following them. The man struggled, but Carlton didn’t budge one inch and, instead, pinned him down with more strength.

“W-Why are you doing this?”

""



“Why? That’s what I should say. Why are you following us?”

“What do you mean f-following?! Ack! First, let go of my arm…” The man denied as he jumped up and down. Carlton hit the man on the head, warning him not to make a fuss.

Luisen looked closer at his pained expression. ‘Huh… That person…?’

‘That man’s face looked somehow familiar. Just where have I seen him before?’ It wasn’t hard to recall–Luisen quickly recognized him with a moment’s contemplation.

This man, moved by the young lord’s tragic, fraud-victim story, was the one who had bought his crying self a ticket in the previous timeline. He was someone who made a long-lasting impression since he was the first person to offer any sort of goodwill after the young lord had been shunned and despised after his fall from grace. Luisen could mentally overlap that man’s face and on top of this one–he was sure this was the same person.

‘I believe, back then, that person said he was a merchant?’

In anycase, though it was the first time Luisen met this man in this timeline, it was a relief to see the face of a good man. The young lord was sure there must be some sort of misunderstanding.

“Wait a minute. Let’s hear him out.”

The young lord stopped his companion. Though the mercenary kept his guard up, he let the man go.

The man scrambled to his feet, certain he mustn’t lose this opportunity to explain himself. “I’m Morrison, affiliated with the Nakatan merchant caravan. I wasn’t trying to follow you, I just had something to tell you.”

“Then, you should have said so in the first place. Why trail along silently?” Carlton pressured him.

Merchant Morrison flushed with embarrassment. “You two were having such a good time, it felt a bit…weird to squeeze in…”

“A good time?”

“The atmosphere made it hard for me to talk. You guys were hugging and walking–it was obviously a date… Ack!”

Carlton, flustered, poked the merchant with his knee.

‘Atmosphere? A good time? I’ve been suffering while being dragged around by Carlton–in what way did that look like a good time? How on earth did he come to that misunderstanding? He’s a good man, but he has no sense.’ Luisen was dumbfounded, but he still wanted to listen to his explanation. “What did you want to say to us?”

“I saw you two at the mercenary guild earlier. It seems like you’ve hunted a great deal of monsters–I’m sure you’re experts at that. I wanted to commission you to escort our caravan.” Morrison, as the leader of his caravan, had come down South after hearing rumors of a war brewing in the area. However, just as he was about to leave without anything to show for his journey, the mercenary he had found in Mittil collapsed from enteritis.

They had to terminate the contract and procure new mercenaries. At that moment, he saw the two at the mercenary’s guild; he wanted to commission them for escort service.

Everyone wants to hire a talented hand. Clients often searched for reliable mercenaries independently from the guild-system.

“I’d like to ask for an escort to take us, by ship, to the nearest city from this dock. They say there are monsters in the area.” Morrison offered to provide everything necessary, including maintenance allowances, shipping fees, and boarding.

“When would you be leaving?”

“It’s a little abrupt. I’m planning to leave tonight.”

“Ah, you’re in a hurry.”

If they’re leaving tonight, then they would have to pack up immediately. However, the pay seemed so low compared to the urgency of the situation. A skilled mercenary wouldn’t stand up for this sort of light payment–only some middle-aged, washed-up sword might be moved. Morrison wouldn’t want to hire someone subpar either, so he must have followed the two after they had left the mercenary’s guild. Someone that’s escorting a pilgrim must have some credibility and wouldn’t be a random, rough-shod hired hand.

It was understandable, then, for him to follow Carlton and Luisen.

Luisen and Carlton exchanged glances.

‘What do you think?’

‘If you’re sure he’s a merchant, then I believe it’ll be fine. You can check his cover with the mercenary’s guild.’

It was true Morrison’s request was very tempting; the two could board a boat tonight. As soon as the two left the guild, they went to the port to inquire about a ship before coming to the shopping district. The ship departing tonight had been sold out, and the next available ship would depart two days later. There was a decrease in maritime operations in the aftermath of the war.

They had looked into another ferry leaving tomorrow morning, but it wasn’t the best option as that one was often preferred by the aristocracy. They were debating leaving Mittil and heading for another port city or perhaps secretly boarding one of the boats leaving tonight.

‘This is a necessary commission.’

They’d be able to earn money while progressing on the route they needed. Since Luisen had received help from this person before and the commission was very valuable, he wanted to view this meeting as fortuitious happenstance. If they uncover something suspicious, they can simply just turn down the request.

“We’ll check in with the mercenary’s guild and contact you,” Luisen said.

“Yes, of course. But please give me your answer quickly. We’re in a hurry…” Morrison disappeared quickly after finishing his business, saying he had a lot of work to do. There was no time to apologize to the man for misunderstanding him and nearly knocking him to the ground. Luisen thought the merchant was probably an eloquent conversationalist but was intimidated by his companion.

It seems they still had business with the mercenary’s guild.

“I’ve said I tend to go a bit overboard, right?” Carlton looked away, like a dog that knew he had done something wrong.



***



After checking in with the mercenary’s guild, they confirmed that Morrison’s affiliation and circumstances were as the man stated. Luisen had no idea in the previous timeline, but it seemed like the man belonged to a famous caravan. The guild also stated that the client was reliable and trustworthy.

The pair informed Morrison, through the guild, that they would accept his commission. Then, they went to an inn they had scoped out in advance, washed up, and rested for. abrief moment. Since Carlton had already bought what they needed–quite excitedly at that–they didn’t need to prepare any further. They had no difficulty getting ready to board the ship.

The sun had slowly begun to decline. Before boarding the boat, Luisen and Carlton went to a well-known restaurant for dinner. After all, it was clear what kind of provisions would be available on the boat. The young lord aspired to eat plenty of decent food until then.

As soon as the mercenary sat down in his seat, he said scarily, “Bring enough food to cram the table full.”

It was a spacious table for four. Did he want to fill this entire thing up? For a moment, Luisen saw a halo behind Carlton’s head. ‘What does it matter if he’s a freak obsessed with blood?’ he thought, ‘When he can make enough money to buy delicious food.’

As Luisen gazed upon the mercenary with adoration, Carlton puffed out his chest. “Look. Wasn’t it worth over-hunting all those monsters?”

“Yeah, of course. You’re right.” Luisen nodded and gave the mercenary a thumbs up. Carlton responded with a satisfied smile.

Soon, the food came out and filled the large, four-person table. As a viral restaurant, each dish was gratifying and delicious. The bread was soft and moist; the roasted pork backbone was crispy and savory. The steak was seared crispy–as if the outside were burnt–but it was delcious as well. Luisen ate the scrumptious food–the likes of wish he hadn’t seen for a while–and cleared the dishes.

‘How long has it been since I tasted something this delicious? Until we arrived at Mittil, I ate food that we’ve bought in advance at Confosse. It was better than raw Buried Old Hags, but the preserved food wasn’t tasty either. We stopped by the inn there and ate stew, but the food there was like pig slop.’

Holding one end of the pork backbone in his hand, Luisen neatly bit off a strip of flesh with one bite and drank beer afterwards. The young lord’s face was full of smiles, and his shoulders were shaking from joy.

Carlton sipped at his beer and gave a content smile. Though the young lord was still neat, he ate passionately enough to show his sincere pleasure. That sight was so cute and fascinating; the young lord was a joy to watch.

Faced with such pleasure, of course he couldn’t hold back on buying things for the young lord. Carlton felt a different sense of pride than when he had bought supplies or clothes to wear for himself. He finally understood why his colleagues worked so hard to support their wives and children.

“You’ve got something there.” Carlton took a napkin and gently wiped some sauce off of Luisen’s cheeks. It was only then the young lord, who had been distracted by the food, noticed his comapnion. The mercenary sat there, smiling, with his eyes clothed; it was like he was looking at something he found adorable.

‘Huh?’ Luisen blinked, backbone still in his hand.

“Keep on eating. If it’s lacking, do you want me to order some more?”

“N-No…”

‘What’s this? Why is he looking at me like that?’

However, Luisen didn’t think for too long. Now that he had returned to reality after being possessed by the desire for food, he could hear conversation next to him. The people sitting next to them were discussing something very interesting.

“They say a wizard has appeared.”

A wizard.

In order to find the one-armed pilgrim–without a name or a background–Luisen had been searching for a mage/wizard. However, they weren’t easy to find because they often didn’t obey the laws of the world. And, they’re saying one has appeared now?





TL: Oh dear, Luisen is exactly like me when I get dragged around to shop by my mom/sister.

Also: I’m currently recruiting a PR for this series! For anyone that wants to apply, DM me on discord, either through Foxaholic or my novel server. I’m Lil-Valley on there as well.





Chapter 68


Chapter 68





“You know Lake Cabanil, right? There’s a wizard out there that supposedly makes people’s wishes come true.”

‘Ah, so they’re saying the wizard isn’t here?’ Luisen was a little disappointed, but he kept the location, Lake Cabanil, in mind.

Wizards were those who sought truth– enlightenment–and utilized mysterious powers. They often did not follow logical rules of reality and were generally secluded from the public. Even Luisen, a great lord, had to endure a significant amount of bleeding from his wallets to find one.

Though this information may be false, it would be best to remember it for later.

​​Clank–!

Carlton slammed down his beer mug roughly. Luisen looked forward in surprise, “What’s wrong? Is there a problem?”

“No.” Carlton answered brusquely and gulped down his drink.

‘Wasn’t he happy until just a little while ago?’ Luisen couldn’t figure out why his companion was so upset. “You’re alright?”

Carlton nodded sullenly.

‘Well, then, if he says he’s fine.’ Luisen was somewhat bothered by the sudden shift in Carlton’s attitude but felt that it would be strange to interrogate the mercenary further. So, the young lord moved onto another topic. “Do you know where Lake Cabanil is?”

“…It’s in the center of the kingdom. It’s west of the capital.”

“West… Then, will it overlap with our route?”

“Who knows?” Carlton replied in an unexpectedly half-hearted tone.

This time, Luisen felt concerned. “Are we not certain about our path forward?”

“It’ll change depending on the situation. The area north of the river cannot even be compared with the South; it’s not peaceful there.”

“……Really?”

Carlton’s reasoning was sensible. The difficulty of the path ahead didn’t seem to be the reason for the insincerity of his answer, though. However, Luisen was slow to pinpoint his companion’s subtle feelings. “I wish I could travel near Cabanil lake, even if we were to only pass by its surroundings.”

If he was able to determine the authenticity of the information on the wizard, then it would be easier to send people to summon them.

Luisen didn’t intend on chasing after the wizard instead of going to the capital. Though finding the one-armed pilgrim was an important goal, the priority would be to remove the sword of Damocles pointing at his neck. Even he had enough intelligence to prioritize what was truly important.

“Have you ever met a wizard?” The young lord asked.

Carlton looked at the young lord with raised, dark eyebrows and asked something unrelated to the question. “Are you interested in the wizard because of the one-armed pilgrim?”

“Of course. Why else would I need to find a wizard?”

If the young lord had known his benefactor’s name or face, he would have been able to find him through a duke’s resources. Luisen’s mood sank slightly–he knew nothing about the one-armed pilgrim. “I was too occupied with telling him about my backstory, so I didn’t ask for his. I should have paid more attention to him,” Luisen lamented.

Carlton’s intense eyes boiled as he watched his companion. ‘So what if he’s a pilgrim–what’s so good about him?’

He was in a very good mood up until a little while ago. When he wiped the sauce off of Luisen’s cheek, the young lord was completely immersed with the mercenary. The noises from the background and the smell of food had disappeared–the two exchanged deep glances as if they were the only two people left in this world.

But as soon as the word ‘wizard’ had appeared, that bubble shattered. Luisen’s attention was drawn to the one-armed pilgrim before Carlton could do anything. The young lord felt regret for the pilgrim, and the food no longer pleased him as much. Luisen’s desire to see the pilgrim was so strong that easily won over his appetite.

Knowing how obsessed the young lord was with food, Carlton’s stomach churned even more. He caught monsters like crazy and visited famous restaurants all for Luisen, after all.

‘But, you’ll think of another man in front of me?’ His heart ached; he wanted to beat up the pilgrim, perhaps, and remove his existence from Luisen’s mind forever. ‘Why was a guy like that the young lord’s childhood hero? I would have been nicer to you if we met back then–although, at that age, I wouldn’t have dared to raise my head in front of the young lord…’

The more Carlton thought, the angrier he became. “Do you like that pilgrim so much?” The mercenary’s tone was laced with sarcasm–the words came directly from his twisting insides.

“Of course I like him! He’s my savior. I couldn’t respect him enough.” The sarcasm didn’t work on Luisen. Rather, it confirmed the young lord’s trusting and affectionate stance on the man. Carlton felt like someone had lifted him up and thrown him onto the ground. He couldn’t quite understand why he felt this way, but the hurt within his heart made him say words he normally wouldn’t voice. “That person, is he a real pilgrim? I think he’s a fraud.”

“What?! No. He had a pilgrim’s pass, and…’

“He could have picked it up somewhere, like I did. He could have stolen it as well. I’m only saying this because the Duke only seems to see the good in people. The pilgrim’s personality or what he’s talked about–you can’t tell if he’s a faithful believer just from that.” This wasn’t something Carlton had made up just because of his dirty mood. This was, in fact, something that he had been suspecting every time Luisen recited a touching anecdote about the one-armed pilgrim. Though bitterness seeped into his tone, Carlton couldn’t help but think that the man’s thought processes were similar to his own. Would someone like him be a true pilgrim? There’s no chance.

“He was a true saint,” Luisen replied through clenched teeth. “Don’t speak nonsense. You weren’t privy to his mercy and generous mission. Of course, his words and actions may be strange for someone that attends church, but his soul was nobler than anyone else’s.”

As soon as Carlton tried to stop him, Luisen interrupted Carlton, waving his fingertips in the air gently. That sight was so aristocratic–the gesture had an unusual power to it.

“Any criticisms towards him should be targeted at me. I am who I am through his teachings. I won’t stand anyone slandering him.” Luisend clenched both fists and exhaled deeply and roughly. He was more furious than when he had learned about Ruger’s betrayal.

“Are you mad at me because of that person?”

“That’s right!”

“Ha!”

‘You’re getting mad at me when you weren’t even this furious at that traitor Ruger? Is that pilgrim so precious to you?’ Carlton felt wronged and frustrated. The mercenary felt more upset than when he’d been falsely accused.

The two, both offended, glared at each other across the table. After this deadlock confrontation continued for a while, an employee asked if it would be okay for them to clean the table. The two rose from their seats, wordlessly.



***



Luisen and Carlton arrived at the dock with Zephys. While boarding his luggage, Morrison rushed over to greet him.

“Thank you so much for accepting my commission. If it weren’t for you two, we wouldn’t have had an escort…” Morrison’s words were slurred. It seems like the cold atmosphere between the young lord and his mercenary had almost shut the merchant’s mouth. “Mm, well, if you two are pretending to be on bad terms because of what I had said earlier, please don’t feel that it’s necessary. I’m not so narrow-minded of a person to think that pilgrims shouldn’t date or anything. After all, pilgrims are pilgrims and not priests.”

‘Just what kind of misunderstanding does this person have? I was already so uncomfortable from fighting with Carlton.’ Luisen sighed. “It’s not like that at all.”

“Ahaha. Then, let’s just go with that. Well then, please come aboard the ship.” Morrison paid no attention to Luisen’s denial.

It was too tiring to clear the merchant’s misunderstanding. The young lord was exhausted as he tried to board the ship while side-eyeing Carlton amidst their cold war.

Morrison took the two men and guided them to their room. “There’s only one room. This was originally intended to house mercenaries, so there are two beds. I ask for your kind understanding.”

‘Honestly, what’s wrong with this person? We sleep on separate beds normally anyway.’ Luisen glanced at Carlton. The mercenary was expressionless; the young lord’s head was throbbing from the whiplash of constantly looking around.

“The full-fledged escort will be joining us after we get off the ship. There shouldn’t be anything too dangerous on board, but… Please just stay near us and check on our luggage every once in a while.” Morrison told them where his own room was located and left to finish onboarding his belongings.

‘Fine, it’s probably best if you leave.’ Luisen all too willingly sent Morrison away. But, he soon regretted that choice afterwards.

The young Lord and Carlton’s room was small enough that two beds filled the area. The young lord tried to stick his head against the wall to avoid looking at the mercenary.

A stifling silence settled in the room. The two took turns giving each other sidelong glances. They never made eye contact, but it made them self-conscious to know that the other was looking at them.

Of course, it would be best to speak up first. If he expressed some regret for their agitated conflict, then Carlton wouldn’t be upset either. However, he didn’t want to speak first. What did he do wrong? Carlton shouldn’t have insulted the saint.

‘How dare he call the saint a con-man, a fraud. He knows how much I admire that man.’ Carlton was the only person Luisen had told about the one-armed pilgrim. The young lord couldn’t reveal all the details, but he had said a lot. That’s why he felt even more upset.

Luisen wanted the mercenary to apologize first, but, by the looks of it, that wasn’t going to happen. Carlton was expressionless–Luisen had no idea what he was thinking.

‘I can’t do this.’ Luisen jumped to his feet. ‘I need to go out and get some fresh air. If I stay here, I’ll explode.’ With that thought, he exited the room.

Carlton loyally followed after him. Luisen whirled around and glared at the mercenary. ‘Why’s he following me? I left because I didn’t want to be around him.’

The young lord wanted to tell him not to follow him, but he felt like he’d lose at that moment. So, he just turned around and headed for the deck. Whether or not the mercenary knew about the young lord’s feelings, he continued to follow.





* * *





Become a Patron!



TL: Baby’s first fight? O.O

Sorry for the late chapter! I’m hosting people so I’m a bit busy! This chapter might be a little unedited T_T Feel free to @ me in the discord with any mistakes you find.





Chapter 69


Chapter 69

The young lord walked around aimlessly, trying to avoid Carlton; soon enough, the ship began to move.

Luisen went up to the deck. The evening sun had almost finished its descent, and the skies and rivers were dyed red. The large river flowed calmly and silently. He watched the ship cut through the water as it progressed. He suddenly turned around – Mittil’s port was growing distant at a steady pace. It was only then the fact that he was leaving the South had fully set in.

The two had escaped those chasing them and managed to safely board the ship. After crossing the river, they would probably be a bit freer from the threat of pursuit. However, the young lord’s heart felt complicated–after all, he had finally returned to the comforts of his hometown after dying.

‘It’s not like I’ll be gone forever, though, right? My situation is different from back then.’

Luisen took a sidelong glance at Carlton. The mercenary stood at an ambiguous distance; the two were neither standing together nor separately. This non-committal distance was filled with awkwardness.

Carlton was looking far beyond the horizon on the river; his rigid gaze looked quite serious. Was it because the red glow of the sunset was beginning to subside? Luisen felt his chest squeeze tight. Occasionally, Carlton’s distinctive sharp atmosphere made the young lord’s heart flutter.

If someone were to ask Luisen if he was still scared of his companion, the answer would be an easy no. Though the young lord had long suffered delusions of a black knight–an illusory Carlton–coming to kill him, the man had saved his life many times and watched over him. This feeling felt more like dizzying tension rather than fear. Even though he knew the mercenary wouldn’t do anything to him, he still felt like he shouldn’t let down his guard.

Carlton turned and stared at the young lord; as soon as their eyes met, his brows furrowed.

‘Ah, I’ve been staring for two long’ Luisen, embarrassed, quickly turned his head away. ‘Carlton still seems very angry. What should I do if this continues?’

There’s still a long way to go, and he wanted to get along with Carlton in the capital.

‘Look… We’ll have to reconcile this someway, somehow… how do I… begin reconciliation?’ For the shallow relationships Luisen managed to procure in the previous timeline, one side or the other usually knelt down whenever there was a problem. Before his unfortunate midnight escape, others knelt down to the young lord; after the escape, Luisen had been the one to kneel.

​​ ‘I can’t imagine Carlton kneeling before me…’

It was the mercenary who insulted the one-armed pilgrim first, so he probably wouldn’t kneel first.

‘What to do…’ While contemplating, Luisen heard a welcome voice.

“So, this is where you are!” Morrison approached them. “If you have nothing to do, please come with me. I’d like to introduce you to my family.”

“Of course.” Luisen didn’t even ask for the mercenary’s opinion and accepted the invite. Carlton frowned, but the young lord turned a blind eye.

He felt suffocated being alone with the mercenary, and he wanted to talk with Morrison, a former benefactor. As Luisen followed the merchant, Carlton followed as well. ‘So, you’re still going to follow me, huh?’ Luisen released a deep sigh. “What is the name of the caravan that Mr Morrison’s works under…?”

“Nakatan caravan. You probably don’t know about it–we generally focus on the upper region. We’ve never had a need to come down South. At least, until now.”

“What is your main merchandise?”

“Fabrics.”

Luisen asked Morrison various things about his caravan. He wanted to know more in order to repay the merchant for the help he had received, once the young lord was able to restore his former status. Neither the caravan nor his merchandise was particularly grande nor unique.

‘It’s a little too iffy to connect business dealings with the city at the duchy castle itself…It’d be best to connect him with a village within the duchy instead.’

While conversing, they soon arrived at Morrison’s room. The man’s room was equipped with a small table; another room was attached to the initial one. The rest of the merchants’ colleagues were already gathered there–one woman and three men. Although they were at various stages in life, they all had the same atmosphere. As merchants that needed to travel around, they seemed quite strong and fit.

“These people are the ones I talked about earlier.” Morrison introduced his colleagues to the young lord and his companion. Luisen greeted them as befitting a pilgrim, and Carlton nodded curtly.

“I’m glad you two could come. You can’t believe how flustered I was when the previous mercenaries said they couldn’t come… Ah, would you like a drink? Please sit down.”

The merchant’s colleagues readily welcomed the two. They handed over chairs and filled empty glasses with wine. The mercenary refused and stood against the wall. Once again, Luisen stole a glance at the mercenary. Luisen felt a bit guilty and dispirited–the other was in a bad mood and he still dragged the mercenary here.

“There’s not much going on in the South or on this boat, but it’ll be different when we land on shore. Not only are there monsters, but bandits never left as well.”

“Is the security up North so sad?”

“Yes, there are many places where the ruling lord had either died or a moron had been left in charge. Monsters are definitely a headache, yes, but free-lance mercenaries have turned into bandits and begun to rob travelers’ pockets.”

It was common for mercenaries who were unable to obtain money legally to turn to thievery. The mercenaries’ guild had been formed to try and stopgap the situation, but they couldn’t control all the outlaws. Luisen opened his ears wide, listening to the merchants reminisce upon their travels.

“There’s no place in this world where you can leisurely travel without fear. I had heard that things were better down South, but… Supposedly, the Duke of Anies, one of the Great Lords, was kidnapped. According to one of the rumors.”

Luisen was appalled at Morrison’s words. Why this again? Though the young lord felt embarrassed, he was curious about what other rumors were flying around. “Rumors?”

“Yes, well. Some purport that it wasn’t a kidnapping, and that they eloped for love.”

“What?” It was so absurd that Luisen’s mouth couldn’t help but gape wide open. It was fortunate that his expression wasn’t revealed due to the hood. If not, the others may have become suspicious of his over-the-top surprise.

“There’s a bunch of nonsense like that. Carlton’s nickname is the aristocrat butcher; he wouldn’t have run away with a noble man. That’s why I think it’s more likely that…”

“That’s impossible.” Luisen strongly denied. Carlton glared at the young lord. The mercenary’s anger was so piercing the back of the young lord’s head felt hot. Morrison had unknowingly dealt a blow to both Luisen and Carlton.

“In anycase, we’ve been harassed–at checkpoints–so much because of that rumor. In a way, I envy you, revered Pilgrim. With that pass, who would dare stop you?”

“Of course.”

“If you don’t mind, could I take a look at your pilgrim pass?”

“Yes, well. If it’s only looking… Please return it to me though.” Luisen was fine with showing off the pass–he was just so glad that the topic had changed. Morrison used candlelight to view the pass.

Morrison gawked at the brilliant silver. “This is genuine. Where did you get this?”

“At the church, of course.”

“Ah yes. It is a pilgrim’s pass after all. I was wondering where you started your pilgrimage.”

“Ah, is that what you meant? I started in the northwest region.” Luisen kept his words vague; it wasn’t unusual for pilgrims to hide their origins.

“The northwest. When did you come down south? If you’re ignorant of the situation back home, then you must have been in the South for a long while. Did you two meet here? Or were you together from the beginning of your journey?” Though he felt like the merchant was interrogating him, Luisen answered sincerely.

“I escaped South as a refugee, so I have been down here for a long while. We met at Confosse.”

“Confosse, huh? It’s not too far from here, but you became intimate quite quickly.”

“Well…”

“That’s what happens when you travel. When you rely on each other, your affection naturally grows,” Carlton stated.

Morrison alternated looking between Luisen and Carlton. Somehow the gaze was so enthusiastic… it gave the young lord goosebumps. “We’re not like that.”

“Of course, of course.”

‘Honestly, this guy doesn’t listen well. Does he just like romance stories?’ Luisen’s impression of the man changed from a good person to a strange and delusional person.

‘Rather than helping with his business, do I need to introduce him to a lover…?’

Thankfully, though, that topic ended there. Luisen had a long talk with Morrison and his colleagues. If it weren’t for the merchant’s ridiculous delusion, Morrison was a pleasant and loquacious conversationalist.

Carlton continued to lean against the wall and watch the scene quietly. ‘…Damn it.’

Though the mercenary’s expression didn’t change, his insides were roiling. Luisen smiled throughout the conversation, but, whenever their eyes met, his face would become rigid. The young lord tried to avoid eye contact as well and wouldn’t talk to Carlton.

Though Carlton had been horrible to Luisen when they first met, the young lord had never ignored him this much.

The mercenary realized he really made a mistake. ‘Ha, fuck. Why did I say that?’

Frankly, he understood that he acted childishly. Who would like it when another called a person they respected a fraud? He knew that it wasn’t something he should have said in that situation, but he was blind back then. ‘And why’s that guy being so clingy?’

Morrison slowly narrowed the distance between him and the young lord as they clinked their glasses together. For some reason, Luisen liked Morrison, so the young lord was taking that as mere friendly behavior. ‘If someone approached me when I’m already on my last nerves, anxious about followers? I wouldn’t let my guard down for one minute.’

Carlton grit his teeth. ‘He doesn’t want to make eye contact with me but is perfectly willing to laugh along with that guy.’

At that moment, Carlton locked gazes with Morrison. The merchant stared blatantly at the mercenary before turning back to Luisen. For some reason, that trivial action caught at the mercenary’s senses. At a surface glance, there was nothing suspicious about this man–he was a friendly, affable merchant.

‘I don’t like that punk.’ Carlton narrowed his eyes and fiddled with the handle of his sword. He couldn’t tell whether the man simply annoyed him or if the mercenary was annoyed because the man was pretending to be friendly with the young lord. Carlton couldn’t read his heart at all. However, he was certain that he had to do something about the current situation.

Luisen was incredibly angry at him; meanwhile, a dubious man might take a seat next to the young lord. And *that* didn’t sit right with the mercenary. Who knows where the one-armed pilgrim may be, but, right now, Morrison was in his sights.

***



TL: I wonder if Carlton realizes his own jealousy…





Chapter 70


Chapter 70



The sense of danger won over his pride. As soon as they returned to the room, Carlton said, a bit intimidatingly, “I’m sorry.”

Luisen blinked, bewildered. ‘He wasn’t mad?’ Luisen wondered. “Why the sudden apology?”

“My duke, you were angry I called your benefactor a fraud.”

“Sure, at first, but…”

“You ignored me.”

“I did?”

“On the deck.”

“That’s because you were angry first, wasn’t it? If you weren’t mad, why did you glare at me like that in Morrison’s room? You even ignored the chair I placed for you.”

“…Isn’t that guy, Morrison, a bit strange?” Carlton couldn’t say that he was jealous, so instead, he turned the conversation around. Besides, his words weren’t without merit. That man was weird in many ways.

Luisen agreed, nodding, “A little.”

Apart from being grateful to Morrison, the young lord realized the merchant was a bit strange. ‘So, Carlton’s upset because Morrison kept on misunderstanding our relationship!’ He convinced himself. ‘Of course my companion would hate that. I was quite popular in the old days though, so this does give me a bitter taste in my mouth.’

""



“In any case, I apologize. My words were too harsh. Of course you’d get angry if I insulted someone you admire.”

“It’s fine, I’m sorry I yelled at you in the restaurant. Actually, I was only angry at that moment; none of my anger lingered.”

In fact, Luisen was more melancholic than angry when the mercenary called the one-armed pilgrim a fraud. He was being childish–he desperately wanted the other to also respect the person he admired.

“Let’s make peace?” Luisen reached out this hand. ‘Is this the right way to do it?’

Carlton grabbed the young lord’s hand without hesitation. Copying something he’d seen somewhere, Luisen embraced him and patted him on the back.

‘Alright. That was an excellent reconciliation. I guess issues can be solved without one person kneeling to another, huh?’ Luisen felt incredibly proud from learning something new. “Come to think of it, you do have reasons to be suspicious. I also had some doubts when I saw you had a pilgrim’s pass as well. I wonder if he really was a pilgrim.”

Carlton couldn’t have been the only one in the world who happened upon a pilgrim’s pass illegitimately. The pre-regression timeline’s kingdom was in a chaotic situation; it would have been easier to pretend to be a pilgrim during that time.

Because doubts had alrighty taken seed in the young lord’s mind, the mercenary’s words had a greater effect. Luisen said, “Actually, it doesn’t matter whether or not he’s a true pilgrim. Whether or not he’s a conman.”

“It doesn’t matter if he’s a fraud?” Carlton was taken aback.

“He saved me from death and opened my eyes to the larger world through his teachings. The fact that he is my benefactor and savior doesn’t change.”

Words can be crafted at any time. However, it’s hard to keep up consistent behavior.

“He had obtained medicine for me even on stormy days. In the winter, he yielded the area in front of the fireplace for me. He always gave me half of his food whenever we had scrounged up something to eat. I’ll believe in his actions. That being the case, he’s someone I like, so please don’t insult him in front of me. Understand?”

Whoever the one-armed pilgrim was, he was eternally Luisen’s saint. Regardless of anyone’s opinion. “Once again, he’s someone I like, so no more insults!”

“Yes…”

“Let’s sleep now. I’m tired.” Luisen slipped out of his clothes and dove into bed.

Carlton stood, dumbfounded, for a while. Who does the young lord like? He felt a chill in his chest, as if the cold river breeze had enveloped him. They had apologized to each other and made up. Still, he felt a strong, lingering sense of defeat.



***



The night passed, and the morning light arrived. Luisen woke, a little late, and rubbed at his eyes. At first, he rushed to start moving before realizing he could stretch out and be languid on his bed. It was great to be on the move without having to walk.

Luisen rolled his body up in the blankets before his eyes found Carlton. He was sitting at the edge of the bed, with a complicated, contemplative expression on his face. “What’s with you? Did you sleep at all?” the young lord asked.

“Yes.” Carlton replied absentmindedly.

The ship traveled peacefully. They ate in the on-board restaurant, looked around the cargo, took a walk on the deck, and spent time playing card games with Morrison.

All the people on board were merchants like Morrison and their employed mercenaries. Luisen took his absentminded companion to the eatery and ate–as expected, the food was pretty tasteless.

After eating, they strolled around and, falling into a routine, went to the cargo hold to see if Morrison’s luggage was intact. This time around, the merchant and his crew also joined in on their day and boisterously played card games nearby.

Though the young lord thought that the boat ride would be boring, the ship ride was actually rather pleasant. Because the passengers were mostly professionals, no one was particularly self-indulgent or rowdy. Most of them quietly spent time within their own groups.

The time flowed by at a leisurely pace. Luisen loved this relaxed mood.

As they were in the middle of a river, the fear that someone would pop out and stab or bite him from the back had vanished. They’ll float peacefully for three days. He was anticipating that.

However, those anticipations were dashed far too soon.

It was time for dinner, and the passengers flocked to the on-board restaurant. Luisen commented to his companions that it was a shame the meals on board were disappointing and how regretful his meal at the famous restaurant in Mittil was cut short.

At that moment, someone stumbled into the restaurant. His slow and unsteady steps–like a person suffering from muscle pain–attracted everyone’s attention; the entryway was entirely blocked.

“Hey you! Hurry up and move!” A mercenary, who was waiting to enter the restaurant, got annoyed and slapped the man on the back. He had hit the man very lightly, but the man fell forward with a thud. “W-What?!”

The fallen man did not rise again. Bewildered, the mercenary looked at the man and shouted, “This man is dead!”

​​”What? What are you saying?” The people in the restaurant exploded with interest. A group of fellow mercenaries approached. At first, everyone had thought that the shouting man was spouting nonsense; however, the fallen man stood up again. This time, though, his neck had been turned completely around. Only then could the people present clearly see what it was.

It was a corpse.

A corpse was moving.

“Argh! Aaaaaaackkk!” The muscular–almost mountain-sized–mercenaries screamed as if they were going to faint. In the blink of an eye, Carlton jumped across the table, wrapped his arm around Luisen’s shoulder, and unsheathed his sword. The restaurant became a pandemonium.

“Groooannn” The moving corpse was incredibly slow. It simply ambled about; it didn’t really try to threaten those present. Soon afterwards, the mercenaries, returning to their senses, ushered the corpse into a far corner.

“What is that?”

“Huh? This person–isn’t this person from the Allos Caravan?” Someone had recognized the corpse.

Simultaneously, Luisen finally noticed the moving corpse. “Isn’t that a Ghoul?”

“A Ghoul? Like the ones from stories?”

Supposedly these were caused by souls that have suffered after the original person died an unjust death–the body starts to move as if it were alive. That existence was called a Ghoul. Since the body was once a living being, public opinion was divided on whether or not a Ghoul should be considered a monster. People were also divided on the origin of these beings–spontaneous generation? Natural occurrence? Evolution? Curse? Epidemic? Even in the future, nothing had been confirmed.

Luisen was of the opinion that it was a curse or an epidemic rather than supporting the theory of natural occurrence or the after-effects of a wronged soul. If all people who were wronged became ghouls, shouldn’t everyone at the duchy become a ghoul and chase after the young lord?

In any case, Ghouls weren’t threatening monsters. It was gruesome to see corpses amble about, but these things were too slow and weak to attack properly.

“Isn’t there a lot of those up North? Specifically in the Northern Regions?” In the previous timeline, while living as a nomad, Luisen had encountered many Ghouls. It wasn’t common, but the monsters weren’t unusual either.

“What are you talking about? If those things were common, it wouldn’t be the nobles who’d run the kingdom. It’d be the Priests.”

“Really?”

Carlton was shocked at Luisen’s tranquil nonchalance. ‘Was this person always this bold?’ While the two talked, the mercenaries succeeded in tying up the Ghoul’s hands and feet. Perfectly timed, someone from the Allos caravan rushed in. “T-This… How did this…”

“Hey you! What the hell happened?!”

“Who’s the leader of your caravan? Come out and explain yourselves!”

The surrounding people began to rebuke the man; in response, the man hesitated for a moment before closing his eyes and explaining all that had happened.

The ghoul here was a servant from the Allos Caravan that had died early this morning. Last night, after the ship sailed, the man had collapsed from a high fever. At the time, the members of the caravan were suffering from the enteritis pandemic that plagued Mittil. However, contrary to their expectations, it wasn’t enteritis, and the man’s condition continued to deteriorate until he finally died at dawn.

“Honestly, if that were the case, then we should have turned the boat around! Why did you hide it?!”

“That’s… We’d suffer a huge loss if the boat turned around…”

If the boat returned back to port because of the Allos caravan, the caravan would have to take responsibility for all the merchants and mercenaries on board. They had already lost a lot of money in the venture in the South–they had hushed up the situation because they were reluctant to lose more.

“Where’s your leader? We’re already in the middle of a crisis–what is he doing?”

“Our boss is also down with a high fever.”

“What?”

“All the people from our caravan have collapsed.”

“Wait a minute. So, it’s an infectious disease?”

An infectious disease.



At that one word, everyone fled from the man from the Allos caravan and the Ghoul. In an instant, the restaurant was filled with an air of anxiety and fear.

The people on the boat all shared the same destiny before they landed at their destination. Everyone ate the same food, drank the same water, and shared same space. That meant that, in this situation, no one here could escape the spread of the disease.

News of the epidemic spread quickly. They were in the middle of the large river, so people couldn’t get off the boat. The pleasant and comfortable ship–the floating bedroom that gently cut through the river currents–quickly became a moving prison.





TL: Just do it Carlton, admit your jealousy~ I wanna see how Luisen reacts!





Chapter 71


Chapter 71



After dying from his illness, this man had turned into a ghoul. Ghouls were quite unpleasant, but they weren’t a major threat in and of themselves. Rather, it was more alarming to hear that the other members of the Allos Caravan, who had stayed with the dead man, also showed the same symptoms.

“It’s an infectious disease! An epidemic!” The people ran out of the restaurant. They fell into panic and acted as if they would kill the ghoul and the other members of the caravan.

Luisen and Carlton also slipped away from the restaurant– they wanted to avoid being swept away by the panicking mob. After all, infectious diseases were like invisible envoys; they had no choice but to be even more scared. Who knows when the sickle of death would cut down someone’s life. Those that believed the epidemic was a curse tried to cling to Luisen, who dressed as a pilgrim. If Carlton hadn’t blocked them with his body and moved quickly, Luisen would be ensnared within their grasp.

Carlton pushed Luisen into his room and locked the door. Moving corpses, infectious diseases, people rushing to the young lord to request a prayer… it was all too overwhelming.

He was certain that the young lord would have been alarmed as well. Carlton turned to the young lord to try and appease him, but Luisen had taken the initiative to take off his robe. Contrary to his expectations, the young lord was tranquil and calm; he wasn’t frightened at all.

“You should also quickly disrobe,” Luisen said.

“What?”

​​”Though we didn’t come into contact with him, we still saw the ghoul and the person from the Allos caravan. It’d be safer to change out of your outerwear,” Luisen stated with conviction. Although the mercenary didn’t understand the relationship between an infectious disease and his coat, he still did as he was told and placed his coat in a bag.

Next, Luisen poured out water and washed his hands. “You should wash your hands as well.”

Carlton haphazardly washed his hands. Luisen looked so calm it was strange.

“Don’t do it like that – do it properly.” The young lord held the mercenary’s hand and rubbed it to create soap bubbles before rubbing insistently. Luisen’s soft palms embraced and rubbed at Carlton’s hands. From the man’s palm, hardened with calluses, to the tender flesh in between the fingers, Luisen rubbed his companion’s hands thoroughly.

Carlton unconsciously blushed at the sliding sensation. At the sight of Luisen’s white, long fingers entangled in his rough ones, he suddenly felt dizzy for no reason. However, the young lord was careful–like someone washing their dog’s paws; he had no ulterior motives. The mercenary coughed, embarrassed, “…What are you doing?”

“This is what you’re supposed to do. It’s a precaution.”

That’s what everyone did in the future. Luisen wiped Carlton’s hands with a clean cloth and discarded the water.

“You’re very calm. I thought you’d be more surprised,” the mercenary said.

Luisen shrugged. Whenever the kingdom underwent a crisis, horrible things were sure to follow. Before his regression, a large variety of diseases became very prevalent throughout the land. Moreover, a great number of those diseases were highly contagious. Except for the South, he had wandered throughout the kingdom and heard many rumors and information about the diseases. And, thanks to following the one-armed pilgrim, the young lord had gathered a lexicon of knowledge about this matter.

The various things he had experienced during his nomadic life had allowed the young lord to maintain his calm. “I’m not worried about this plague. I’ve never caught such a disease.”

Luisen wasn’t afraid of infectious diseases. His long wandering and hunger had weakened his stamina and ruined his body; he had obsessively worried about contagions, but he was still somehow fine.

He had even passed through an infectious village; he had even ridden the same carriage with a contagious person. However, he had never been infected. He couldn’t tell if it was because his body was particularly good or because he had been blessed by a high-ranking member of the church as soon as he was born. The young lord was certain, though, that his body was more robust than it looked. “And you?”

“I’ve never had to worry about getting sick either. I’ve never been sick in my entire life.”

“Then that’s a relief.”

Luisen had heard rumors, in the past, that Carlton had fallen to an infectious disease…or that he had run away from the plague in fear. Although he really couldn’t confirm the veracity of his companion’s statement, it was fortunate that they wouldn’t need to huddle inside the room, trembling with fear. “More than that, I’m worried about the ship. What do you think will happen? Will the boat still continue on its path? Do you think it’ll turn around and go back to Mittil?”

“It’s up to the captain, but… We’re probably not returning to Mittil. I believe matters become complicated when things like profits are involved.”

Besides, it would be best for them to proceed–the two didn’t want to return anyway.

“I believe we’ll arrive at our destination as scheduled. Since the price of our tickets was cheap, the captain will try to reduce damage to his profit margin as much as possible.”

“Well, that’s good to hear.”

“That’s not the issue, though. The ship may not be able to dock at the port.”

“Oh?” Luisen’s eyes opened wide. He hadn’t even thought of that possibility.

“The infectious disease could spread, after all. Our destination city can refuse entry. In the worst scenario, the ship may not be able to dock anywhere and will be forced to wander down the river.”

“That’s not good!” The worst scenario for Luisen and Carlton would be being stranded over water. With Ruger chasing from behind, a long road ahead, and the king possibly dying at any minute, it would be disastrous to have their feet tied while aboard ship! “Then, what should we do? We can’t waste time.”

“We’ll either take a smaller boat and escape or pray that the disease isn’t contagious.”

“Ahh…” Luisen hung his head. Why, of all boats, did this have to happen here?

“If this disease originated on Mittil, this would be a problem for other ships as well. Perhaps the other ships that depart after this one would not be able to set sail at all.” Carlton consoled the young lord, but the soothing words didn’t reach his heart.

Luisen sat, arms crossed, and began to wander back through his memories. ‘What kind of diseases were prevalent this year…?’

A few candidates for the outbreak came to mind, but he wasn’t sure if they matched the disease plaguing the Allos caravan. After all, he had never seen the diseased up close. The young lord was too busy with his own matters to even see the ghouls properly. “Whether it is ghouls or the sick, I believe I’ll be able to judge what happened if I were to observe them… It’s possible that I may know the cure.”

“My Duke?”

Luisen nodded and steeled his resolve. “Let’s return to the restaurant. The man from the caravan and the ghoul should still be there. We should hear more from them and see if we can meet the rest of the members. What do you say? If you’re uncomfortable, I’ll meet them alone.”

“You’re going back there?” Carlton contemplated knocking the young lord out and escaping the ship with him. No matter how healthy he may be, the mercenary was reluctant to let him meet a corpse and the sick during a possible epidemic. However, Luisen was ready to do this all alone.

‘Just what is he thinking…?’

Though Luisen’s head may be pretty and round, the mercenary had zero idea what was going on inside; the mercenary’s own head was throbbing. Generally, the young lord was docile, but sometimes he was determined to do something crazy.

Considering Luisen’s dismal academic records, it was obvious that he would be ignorant in specialized fields such as medicine. However, the young lord seemed confident, and the mercenary was well aware that the young lord had surprising insights at times. Luisen always had a reason when he was stubborn and often produced positive results.

‘It looks like he has faith in himself… And I can deal with any conflicts with people should they arise…Besides, it’s not like he’ll listen if I tell him not to go…’

Ignorant of all of the scary happenstances, Luisen made it a habit to do all sorts of strange things. This was a man who would secretly do whatever he wanted unless his hands and feet were tied and body imprisoned. In this perilous world, wasn’t he the only one that could take care of Luisen? After much consideration, Carlton made his decision.

“Where in the world would I go without my Duke?” Carlton said bluntly.

Luisen, used to the mercenary’s prickly way of speaking, just laughed. The mercenary i’s all bark and no bite.

The two returned to the restaurant. This time, they covered their noses and mouths with cloth and wore gloves. The mercenary had no idea how any of these methods could help, but he just followed the young lord’s orders.



***



As expected, because most of the onboard residents ran away from this area, the restaurant was empty. Instead of a crowd, there stood a ghoul, the man from the Allos caravan, and an unexpected person–Morrison.

Morrison, like the young lord and his companion, covered his nose and mouth with cloth; with gloves on, he used a long rod to push the ghoul into a corner. The man from the Allos caravan wept as he observed this scene.

“Mr. Morrison?”

“You two. Didn’t you two return to your room? Did something happen?” Morrison reacted rather sharply. It seemed like the man was especially sensitive due to the unexpected crisis. He was like a fox wary of his surroundings.

“Yes, well, there was something I wanted to check so I’ve returned. What about you?” Luisen asked.

“While passing by, this person looked like he was troubled. Even if he may be a ghoul now, we can’t ignore that he was a human before. I’ve come here to help him.”

‘This was definitely Morrison-like. I’m only calm because I know the future; Morrison is ignorant and yet has come forward to help.’ Luisen’s heart felt tugged as he reminisced on the merchant’s warmth in the previous timeline as he handed the young lord a boat ticket.

‘Though that man may entertain all sorts of strange misunderstandings and delusions–he’s a kind and gentle person, through and through.’

“We’ll help as well,” Luisen said.

“Ah, I’d appreciate that. I thought about pushing the ghoul into an empty, unused storage room.”

“Couldn’t you just hit it in the neck?” Carlton asked.

“Well, he could get up after a while and start to move again…”

“That’s right. It’d be best to cremate it, but it’s best not to light a fire on a boat. Though the ghoul may not necessarily be dangerous, it is unsightly and presents hygiene issues… It’s best to lock him up somewhere. It doesn’t have the intelligence to open the door.” Luisen nodded, admiring Morrison’s wealth of knowledge.

Carlton, however, felt differently. “You must know a lot about ghouls–they aren’t common though. It’s the first time I’ve ever seen such a thing.”

“Those who are in the know, know. Reverend Pilgrim also seems to know a lot about these beings–he must know a lot of things.” Morrison responded with an affable smile Carlton felt that Morrison’s words had an edge to them somehow. What an unsettling man.





TL: Same Carlton, Same. Morrison weirds me out.

Also, hilarious that I’m tl’ing this chapter during out COVID pandemic era?





Chapter 72


Chapter 72



‘I’d like to dig a little more out of him, but…’

But…Carlton’s companion liked Morrison–even now, the young lord was smiling as if he had been praised. So, Carlton decided to give up for now.

“Can you say a prayer before we lock him up, Revered Pilgrim?” Morrison requested Luisen.

“Of course. Though, since I’m not a priest, it won’t have much of an effect…”

“Yes. You’re not a priest. However, what matters is the thought.”

It wasn’t too difficult to pray, so Luisen stepped forward. Morrison held the ghoul at bay with a stick; Carlton stood by the young lord’s side, ready to protect the young lord by clearing away threats at any time.

Luisen looked at the ghoul properly for the first time in his life. Its darkened complexion, drained of flowing blood, and its bulging rotten-fish-like eyes really pinpointed clearly the fact that it was a corpse and not a living being. Despite the fact that the lord had seen many dead bodies before, it still wasn’t a pleasant sight. However, something caught his eye.

There was a rash behind its ears and the area in which the jaw and neck connected. Strangely, though, the rash wasn’t the standard red color but a yellowish green.

‘Green?’

Had something been smudged onto the corpse? Luisen took out a handkerchief and rubbed at its skin.

‘Ah, it’s not coming off.’

“What are you doing?” Carlton, startled by Luisen’s eccentric behavior, grabbed the young lord’s wrist and pulled him away. He took the handkerchief from the young lord’s hand and flung it far away–like it was a bundle of germs. Luisen exclaimed at the sudden movement.

Even the members of the Allos caravan and Morrison were viewing the young lord strangely.

“It looked like something was on its skin…” Luisen said futilely.

The mercenary cautiously looked underneath the ghoul’s chin, where Luisen had been rubbing. “There are some discolored spots underneath its chin. Was that always there?”

“No, he never had something like a mole before… Ah, you’re right! There’s a green spot there… Is that something weird?” asked the man from the Allos caravan, a bit dumbly.

“In the first place, a person’s blood is red, so most spots are red, dark red, or brown. Never green. After all, People aren’t plants or trees. Were there spots like this on the other people?” Carlton replied with a sneer.

“…I’m not sure.”

“You really have no idea? Does that make sense? This thing is green, not red–how could you not notice it? Are you perhaps hiding things deliberately? Should I go ask this question to others?”

At Carlton’s intimidating aura, the man from the Allos caravan whimpered. “Our party collapsed all at once; do you think I’d have time to observe anything? There’s even a moving corpse! And, if a dead body were to move…wouldn’t it be understandable that the skin might be bruised blue or green?” 1

“So you say.” Carlton said casually, as if he couldn’t understand why the other was angry. “Are you asking me?” Carlton asked, shrugging at the Allos merchant’s protests.

On the other hand, the man looked at the mercenary with a dumbfounded expression. Luisen fell into deep thought, undisturbed by the fuss happening around him. He was used to this sort of behavior from Carlton.

‘A green spot…green… It’s unnatural…’ Something was on the tip of his tongue, but no matter how the young lord rifled through his memories, no answer appeared. Luisen wracked through his head for dear life. ‘I feel like if I just look at it a bit more, something will come to mind.’

However, the ghoul’s body had already begun to decompose. The skin peeking through the clothes had already begun to turn black; looking at something like that would be meaningless. He steeled his resolve; he would have to meet the members of the caravan that were showing similar symptoms to the dead man.

Morrison looked at the still and rigid young lord and asked, “Do you have any theories about this disease?”

“Ah, no,” Luisen said evasively. The issue was just too critical for him to voice his half-formed, unclear hypotheses. Luisen cleared his throat, “Ahem. Let’s pray for the dead.”

Luisen cleared his mind and gathered his hands together. Everyone put their hands together to pray except for Carlton, who was pressing down on the ghoul with a stick to keep it immobile.

The sounds of people trying to escape and the low tone of prayers echoed throughout the empty restaurant. Luisen’s voice was calm and enunciated clearly, soothing his audience’s minds. The man from the Allos caravan echoed the prayer earnestly. He knew that pilgrims had no power–they were different from priests–but they prayed that a miracle would happen and that the dead would be able to rest in peace.

There was no miracle after the prayer. The ghoul wouldn’t understand the prayer made specifically for it; it simply wandered around while flinging its arms. The man from the caravan sobbed at that sight.

Carlton was the one who directed the ghoul into the storeroom. He simply corrected its directionless wanderings with a stick, so it went into the room on its own. It was exactly as Luisen had explained–despite its horrible appearance, the ghoul was weak. For some reason, this experience reminded the mercenary of the time he pushed a colt into a stable.

Meanwhile, Luisen stood by the person from the caravan and soothed him. “It’ll be alright,” he said.

After much reassurance, the man finally regained composure, “Thank you so much. Really–thank you.”

“I’m so sorry this has happened to you. Everyone here has joined forces to pray to the Lord Almighty for peace for that man’s soul. Now, God shall take care of it.”

“Ngh, Hngh, Yes. I suppose so. I hope so…” Overwhelmed by emotion, the man from the Allos caravan clamped his mouth shut.

Luisen, cautiously so that the others wouldn’t hear the awkwardness he felt, asked, “I heard that the other members of the caravan have collapsed. Is that true?”

“T-That’s…”

“We need to gain an understanding of the situation in order to act accordingly. I’m not trying to pin blame on you.”

“…What’s the point of poking around now? That’s right–everyone has collapsed except for me… This is probably an epidemic.”

“Oh my…”

“…I-I really have no idea what to do…!” The guilt made the man stay up all night; right now, confessions poured out as if he had rushed to the church first thing in the morning.

He introduced himself as Cullen. Cullen was originally hired as a servant for the caravan; actually, he was a handyman who cleaned up after the members. He had no authority and no say in their peddling. However, everyone else had collapsed, and he was the only one left.

Taking care of the sick, handling the ghoul, and hiding the disease…During his struggles, the ghoul escaped, and the truth behind this supposed infectious disease had spread in a catastrophic way.

“Now, I really have no idea what I should do. Our caravan members are going to die, and I’m going to die as well!” Cullen was absolutely terrified. No matter how much he thought about it, there seemed to be no way forward except to die of the plague or throw himself into the river before he was beaten to death by an angry crowd.

“For now, please calm yourself. Take a deep breath…That’s good. It’ll be alright. You, Mr. Cullen, are not alone. I’ll help you.” Luisen said.

Cullen’s eyes widened, “R-Really?”

“Of course.”

“Why?”

“We’re on the same boat. And I’ve chosen to wander the world, following God’s teachings, never to turn a blind eye to those in need.”

“Ah…..!”

The red glow of the sunset shone through the window down onto Luisen’s head. It looked like a halo. The first glance of Luisen’s mouth, which was revealed through the bottom of the hood, looked so beautiful while smiling–like a painting of mercy.

“R-Revered Pilgrim…” Cullen was speechless from gratitude. Instead, he expressed his feelings by clasping Luisen’s two hands.

“Isn’t he being too clingy?” Carlton glared at Cullen. He struggled to resist the urge to separate the handyman from the young lord. Luisen seemed to have something he wanted to uncover from the man, so Carlton didn’t want to interrupt; however, he was dissatisfied with how close the man was to his young lord.

‘How can he seduce a person with his face all covered? It’s a good thing we covered the Duke’s face–100 times out of 100, I’d do it again. Otherwise, he may start a religion based on his looks here and there,’ the mercenary thought.

Regardless of Carlton’s roiling thoughts, a holy and peaceful vibe settled in the restaurant. Morrison silently watched the two, as if he were deeply impressed. The sunset continued on its path, and the red light now stretched to include Morrison as well.



***



Cullen led Luisen, Carlton, and Morrison to the room that his caravan resided in. He stood next to Luisen, telling the young lord this and that unprompted. Now that he met someone who said they’d help in his time of need, the man opened up completely. “I joined the caravan a bit late and didn’t get along with the others. Actually, I felt out of place. They always left me to mind the cargo while they ate and drank among themselves…”

So, Cullen lamented, that may be the reason that he’s the only healthy person in his group. “I’m relieved because of you, Revered Pilgrim. If you hadn’t offered help at the restaurant, I would be unable to do anything on my own.”

Luisen appreciated the thanks, but… The young lord looked back awkwardly. “Mr. Morrison was the first to come forward though…”

Luisen had left the restaurant and returned later. Shouldn’t Morrison, who came to the restaurant before him, be the one to receive all of these praises?

However, Cullen looked a little sour. “Ah, yes. That’s right. I’m also grateful to Mr. Morrison.” He bowed awkwardly to the merchant.





TL: You know, Carlton, with how much you wax poetic about Luisen’s looks, you’d be the high priest of that religion.





Footnotes




So, the word for blue and green in Korean is the same (there are ways to specify, but the general term for something blue-ish or green-ish is the same).





Chapter 73


Chapter 73



Cullen bowed awkwardly towards Morrison. The man was being courteous yet distant; his actions towards the man were completely different from his manner with Luisen. There was something strange with that, but perhaps Morrison had history with the leader of the Allos caravan.

However, Carlton wasn’t as generous as Luisen. ‘What was Morrison doing before we arrived on the scene?’

Just what did Morrison do to make Cullen believe that Luisen, a person who came belatedly to the scene, was more of a savior? Was Cullen’s attitude just a consequence of Morrison and the Allos caravan owner’s relationship? In Carlton’s point of view, Morrison didn’t seem to be close with the Allos caravan’s owner. During their stay on the boat, the merchant never visited the other caravan. Of course, on the Allos caravan’s side, they were debilitated by illness, but…

It was Morrison himself who cut off the mercenary’s wandering suspicions. With an affable expression, the merchant tried to tap Carlton’s arm; the mercenary swiftly avoided his touch with a straight expression. “What is it?” Carlton asked.

“You were staring so blatantly at me. Do I have something on my face?”

“No. I was wondering if there was any need for you to follow us. At the very least, you’re the leader of your caravan, so you must have many other things you need to attend to. Shouldn’t you search for your caravan members and confirm their safety?”

“All of my colleagues can take care of themselves, so it’s fine. I’m also worried about the people in the Allos caravan. It’s not like we don’t know each other.”

“Still, aren’t you scared? They say it’s an infectious disease.”

“The people come first.”

Luisen, who was walking ahead, turned back at Morrison’s straightforward answer and expressed his admiration. “Mr. Morrison is a very good man.”

The merchant smiled warmly, revealing a mild-mannered aura. This smile could be painted and held up as a textbook example of someone who leaves a good impression, but Carlton’s mind twisted like a wrongfully gnarled and dried tree.



***



The people in the Allos caravan were all gathered in the room belonging to the owner of the caravan. Cullen said he had moved them all to one room in order to nurse them efficiently. Because of that, there were people lying on the floor and on the sofas.

All of them had unhealthily dark complexions and were unable to control their bodies. The person that looked to be in the best condition swore at Cullen, asking him why he had only returned now. Even so, his words were nearly incomprehensible.

Cullen smiled even though he was cursed at. ‘Why is he smiling?’ When Luisen looked at the man strangely, Cullen rushed to explain, “Ah, everyone’s still alive! They even have the energy to curse at me. I was worried that someone would die while I had left them–I was so nervous…”

While patting the man’s sobbing back, Luisen observed the people from the Allos caravan again. “May I take a look around?”

“Yes, yes. Of course.”

Luisen scrutinized the person nearest to him until he reached the owner, the person farthest from the entrance. Everyone had high fevers and was delirious.

Luisen looked carefully at the napes of their necks. Just like the ghoul, there were green rashes that ranged from the back of their necks to their chins–right where the shadow of a beard would form. It was plausible that one would be ignorant of the rash’s existence.

“Was there anything unusual before they collapsed?”

“Mm, they said they felt unwell before they boarded the boat, but they’re such heavy drinkers. I thought they were sick from that. Ah, but they mentioned that their legs wouldn’t move before collapsing. It was only then that I noticed something was wrong and approached them; their bodies felt like burning spheres.”

The young lord paused at Cullen’s words. Leg paralysis?

Luisen used his fingertips to press firmly into the caravan owner’s leg. It shouldn’t hurt because the young lord wore gloves, but there was still little to no response to the stimulus. It was obvious that his legs were paralyzed or numbed.

The young lord took off the owner’s shoes and socks. He ignored the rank smell and observed the man’s ankle; he saw a dark green, triangular spot there. At first glance, it looked like a tattoo, but when the young lord took off his gloves and gently touched it, he realized it was a blood clot rather than a mole. He also checked the others’ ankles and found similar marks.

Green rashes, leg paralysis, and triangular spots.

‘Ah, as I thought.’

Luisen had seen something similar in the past. This disease wasn’t one that could be passed from person to person.

‘No, this isn’t even a disease in the first place. This is poison.’

A few months after he met the one-armed pilgrim, his life’s savior, the pilgrim began to open his heart to the young lord because of Luisen’s devotion.

While traveling through the kingdom’s midwest region, the two had visited a monastery. Originally, these spaces would be full of simple yet reverent, sacred scents, so the groans and odor of the sick stood out. An epidemic had broken out in a nearby estate; the place expelled their sick, and the monastery had taken them in.

The monks had accepted them with the resolve to die with the sick; however, none of the monks became ill. Rather, the infectious disease spread more in the estate that they were kicked out of. The monks had found this phenomenon strange and sought help from the one-armed pilgrim who had coincidentally taken temporary refuge there.

While on his way to the estate from the monastery, the pilgrim had found the green, bite-shaped spots–clues that others had overlooked; with that discovery, he was able to identify the true cause of the disease.

There was a snake-like monster with a square, angular head and a comparatively slender body. It wasn’t even as big as an adult man’s forearm; however, the eyes were maliciously red, so they could immediately recognize it as a monster. That monster was secretive and clever, however, so it wasn’t particularly conspicuous.

The monster had a peculiar, awl-like upper tooth and two lower teeth, and it bit any passing creature. The three spots left in a triangular formation on the Allos caravan member’s ankles were definitely from that monster. Venom flowed in its fangs, and the symptoms only appeared in earnest half a day to a day after being bitten.

The bitten people went on with their lives, ignorant of the fact that they had been poisoned until they suddenly collapsed with paralyzed legs.

When fully manifested, the symptoms of the monster’s venom were easily confused with those of an epidemic, especially because the monster often stayed in one region, biting plenty of victims in the same area.

The one-armed pilgrim used his body as bait to lure the monster and killed it near a well at the estate’s manor. After that, the number of the sick did not increase any further. In addition, the one-armed pilgrim and Luisen collected the monster’s venom and brought it back to the monastery for antidote creation; the two then spread word of the monster’s existence far and wide. When the misunderstanding behind the disease’s origin was corrected, many deaths were avoided.

That was when Luisen became certain. The one-armed pilgrim was definitely God’s agent sent from the heavens to save the world from misery. He was the one who would drive away darkness and establish justice and righteousness in the world.

Although the young lord couldn’t see that goal realized, it was an unforgettable honor to participate in just a moment of the saint’s heroic life. Because of that experience, even when Luisen had regressed to the past, didn’t he continue to benefit greatly? ‘Dear Pilgrim, I owe you another favor.’

Luisen indulged in his habit of expressing gratitude to the one-armed pilgrim. Even though they were apart, the young lord’s respect for him grew daily.

“Have you discovered something?” Cullen asked hopefully. Luisen put aside his passionate feelings for a moment and returned back to reality. Cullen, Morrison, and even the patients, who lacked the strength to even lift a finger, paid curious attention to the young lord.

“Yes, this is…” Luisen was about to answer them, but the ship’s horn trumpeted. That signal commanded the scattered sailors to gather.

At the same time, the ship suddenly slowed down; the hull shook violently. Carlton held onto the young lord’s shaky body. Everyone could feel that the ship had stopped. When the shaking subsided, everyone ran out–with no care as to who they passed–into the hallway. Something had definitely gone wrong.

“What’s going on?! Why have we stopped all of a sudden?!”

“What is the captain doing?!”

People lodged complaints from all corners; the ship soon became quite noisy. Soon, the sailors wandered around saying that they were confirming something on the ship, assuring the passengers that nothing critical had happened. However, no one really believed those reassurances, and the real reason why the ship had stopped was quickly revealed.

A few people saw some oarsmen being carried away on a stretcher. After asking around, it was revealed that those people had collapsed with similar symptoms to the caravan folk. As a result, the other oarsmen were in a state of total confusion, and the ship had stopped in its tracks.

“So, the infectious disease must have spread there!” Cullen screamed; his expression belied his fear of dying.

The angry crowd insisted that those in the Allos caravan should be thrown off the boat. Although many were still scared to go near their room because they were afraid of the disease, it was only a matter of time before their anger overcame their fear. That process would only happen quicker while the ship is at rest.

Rumors spread faster on the wings of anxiety. Like the dusky sky, getting a little darker with every passing minute, the situation on the boat was deteriorating rapidly.

Carlton decided that it was too dangerous to stay in the Allos caravan’s room, so he quickly took the young lord back to their room. Morrison also rushed out of the area, saying he would try to meet with the captain. Only Cullen remained with the patients.

Back in his room, Luisen sighed and perched on the edge of the bed. He was completely overwhelmed from the emergency situation.

Carlton wondered, “Are you not going to wash your hands?”

“Ahh, no need. This isn’t a disease.” Luisen explained to the mercenary what he had uncovered. Carlton looked a little disappointed, but he didn’t doubt the young lord’s words.





TL: Hi, miss me with that weirdly disproportionate snake monster. Especially ones that turn you into ghouls.





Chapter 74


Chapter 74



“Monster venom…I didn’t even think about that possibility. What did the members of the Allos caravan do to be bitten by such a monster?” Carlton said.

Luisen nodded and agreed with his companion’s speculations. That monster was found, at least two years later, in the Midwest region of the kingdom. It was surprising to encounter something like this in the South. “More than that, the oarsman have fallen ill with similar symptoms.”

If only the members of the caravan had collapsed, then it wasn’t such a big deal. One could presume that those people were bitten before they boarded the ship. However, the oarsmen were different. They would have stayed aboard the ship while it was docked in Mittil. That meant that the monster was also on this ship.

“There’s a monster on the ship, huh.” Carlton grimaced severely. Won’t that mean that the number of affected people will increase? As more fall, the ship will become more of a pandemonium. “That’s why you answered Morrison’s question so vaguely?”

Before they returned to the room, Morrison had asked the young lord if he had found anything. Luisen simply glossed over his response. Carlton had thought Luisen’s attitude was a bit strange, but unexpectedly the reason had come out before he needed to probe.

“Yeah. I thought it’d be better if people didn’t know about this.”

“You did well. In this sort of situation, the people probably won’t believe you. Since there are a lot of merchants on this ship, money is involved. They’ll probably need a scapegoat–they may even blame us wrongfully.” The best scenario would be to be outed as a liar. The two may be falsely accused of spreading this poison and pinpointing the blame on a nonexistent monster.

“It’d be best to let others know after capturing the monster. Though, we’ll have to find the monster alone.”

“If a lot of people find out and create a fuss, the monster may go into hiding instead. It’d be best to let the two of us handle this.” Carlton was confident; because of that, the young lord also felt reassured.

“Still, I’m glad it’s not an infectious disease. Once the monster is caught, this commotion will calm down,” The mercenary stated.

“If you catch the monster, an antidote can be created. If the sick can just hold out until then, they can be cured.”

Though Luisen couldn’t say much about the monster, he told Cullen how to take care of the caravan’s collapsed members. With fever reducers and commonly used antidotes, the death toll wouldn’t increase too quickly. Though, if they didn’t catch the monster, all of them would die anyway.

‘I wonder if it’s fortunate or unfortunate that the monster is aboard the ship.’

Anyway, it was clear that the two had to catch it.

Of course, this was easier said than done. The ship was large, and Luisen and Carlton would have to wander around searching for a snake the size of their forearm. Moreover, the sick didn’t have much time left; this venture required making the correct decisions and much focus.

Fortunately, Luisen’s experience with the one-armed pilgrim and knowledge of the research data, published later on, remained in his head. The one-armed pilgrim had done much work on this matter, so stories of the snake permeated his pilgrim’s tales.

“That thing doesn’t eat people. It just bites them. It’s bothered by people walking around what it believes to be its territory.” Luisen said.

“What a monster-like motive.”

“It must have bitten the oarsmen now–it must think the ship is his territory. The oarsmen row in a compartment under the deck; the snake must be around there.”

Right now, the oarsmen had collapsed first–not the passengers on the deck or in the cabins. There was a high possibility the snake resided where the oarsmen were located.

“Snakes love places like that, so it makes sense,” Carlton responded.

“That’s right.”

Normally, passengers could not enter the rowing compartment. However, now that the ship had stopped and all the oarsmen returned to their staff quarters, it wasn’t difficult to sneak in.

“The place will be completely empty, so, if we go and rummage around, the angered snake will definitely pop out.” Carlton nodded.

Using one’s own body as bait–that wasn’t so different from the way the one-armed pilgrim caught the monster. Though that seemed simple, not anyone could do it. The snake’s venom was deadly, and it was quick and nimble as it hid in the shadows of its territory. You had to aim for the moment the snake opened its mouth wide to bite your ankle; the attacker needed not only strength to not miss that moment but also the boldness to pull the plan off.

“I can do that much. After all, someone with only one arm pulled it off,” Carlton said.

“However, it’s dangerous so please think about it carefully. Though the saint lacked one arm, he was many times stronger than others.”

“Do I seem weaker than that person?”

“I don’t really have the perception to gauge something like that…” Luisen wouldn’t know; it was hard to tell who was inferior or superior between the two. He just knew that both Carlton and the one-armed pilgrim were amazing.

“I’ll defeat the monster in a blink of an eye. Then, my duke, you’ll have to admit that I’m better.” It seemed like the mercenary’s pride was injured. How cute–such pride made the mercenary look younger. “What is it? Why are you laughing?” he asked.

It wasn’t until the young lord heard Carlton’s words that Luisen realized he was laughing. ‘Good Lord, the day has come where I find Carlton cute. Am I insane?’

“Are you treating me like a child?” Carlton was incredibly perceptive.

Luisen belatedly made excuses for himself, but nothing was effective. In the end, only praises for Carlton’s strength could assuage the man’s mood.



***



It was near midnight. The frenzied crowd grew exhausted from their panic and slept. When sounds of breathing grew louder than conversation–and the sounds of pacing footsteps disappeared–Carlton and Luisen decided it was time to start hunting a snake.

The two stealthily exited their room. They found their way downstairs without much difficulty. Carlton’s ability to memorize the ship’s structure made their pathfinding quite easy.

Sailors who should have been patrolling the hallway could not be found, and that absence made the situation more disturbing. It meant that this situation was so urgent that the staff had abandoned their posts. The night on this peaceful river was silent as death; the moonlight sparkled and scattered on the surface of the water.

The two reached the below-the-deck door without encountering anyone. The door was locked and needed a key, but Carlton managed to break it open by roughly shoving in an iron skewer into the keyhole a couple of times.

The mercenary took the lead, and the young lord followed him down the stairs. It seemed like there was nothing but a void of darkness at the bottom. Since the oarsmen had left the place, it seemed like all the lights had been extinguished as well. The lower they went, the more nervous the young lord felt.

The sway in the basement was incomparable to that in the deck and the cabins. Whenever he touched the wall, he could feel the vibrations of the current hitting the ship’s hull. The young lord was hit by the realization that, without this thin wall, the large body of water would simply swallow him up. Splish– Splash– the sound of water permeated into the room.

‘It’s too dark here.’

No matter how much better his life became, Luisen still hated dark places. When trapped without light, he remembered the long, painful days before the one-armed pilgrim had saved him. He could separate reality from those unpleasant memories now, but he could still vividly feel the fear. Moreover, the pressure exerted by the enclosed space was significant; he felt like his chest was tightening, unable to breathe properly.

Luisen inadvertently grabbed the hem of Carlton’s clothes in front of him. The mercenary turned around.

‘Ah, I don’t want to show him such a pathetic appearance,’ Luisen thought.

He tried hard all this while to hide the fact that he had a phobia of the dark. He thought the other would find him annoying and bothersome.

“Slowly…Let’s go down slowly.” The young lord released the mercenary’s hem and pretended to be fine. He had learned to bluff like this after wandering alone for a long while.

Carlton looked at the young lord silently for a while before pulling on the man’s arm. “Stand in front of me.”

“Wh-What?” Luisen let himself be dragged to the mercenary’s front. Beyond the narrow staircase lay a great darkness. The sound of water splashing filled his ears. “S-Sir Carlton. W-Wait.”

Ugh, it felt like something was there: a ghost, a black blade flying towards his head. Luisen tried to turn his head around, but the mercenary didn’t allow him. Carlton hugged the young lord’s back from behind and grasped the young lord’s chin with his hand. Luisen clamped his eyes shut.

“There’s nothing to be afraid of. I’ve been wondering about this for a long while…are you afraid of the dark?”

“No…”

“Try to keep your eyes open. If you keep looking, your eyes will adjust.”

“But–“

“You should at least try.” Carlton was determined.

Complaints like, ‘Are you really doing this now?’ and ‘Are you my father’ climbed up the young lord’s throat.

Still, the body temperature transferring from Carlton’s firm, supportive body to his back gave the young lord a strange sense of stability. He could hear the sound of the mercenary’s heart. The deafening sound of the flowing river was drowned out by those steady heart beats, giving him a little courage.

‘Should I open my eyes? Just a little?’ Luisen narrowly opened his eyes. ‘Ugh, It really feels like something’s there.’

It felt like there was a person standing in the dark.

“Is that–Is that a person?” the young lord asked.

​​”There’s nothing there. If there were people, I would have noticed.”

“Must be great to be you!” Luisen’s temper flared; he cried out. His voice cracked at the end of his sentence.

Carlton found it funny, “Now, watch your step.”

The mercenary led the young lord down the stairs. On the last few steps, Luisen’s eyes began to get used to the dark. Finally, he could see what he had mistakenly believed to be a person.

The basement level was just dirty; chairs, oars, wooden boxes…it was all just rolling around in this space. A slight scent of sweat–and something musty–permeated the area. They could see where the oarsmen haphazardly threw away their oars as they ran away; the place looked lived in.

“It’s not much, huh,” Luisen said.

“See? It’s not so scary once your eyes adjust. The more you try not to look around, the scarier it’ll be. However, well, you don’t have to push yourself. You can turn on a light.” With that said, Carlton lit the torch.

Luisen felt choked up yet again, “Honestly! You should have run down and turned on the light from the start!”

“Think of it as an experience–a learning experience.”

“Wow. Really. Wow.” Luisen was struck speechless by disbelief. The mercenary laughed as he saw how offended his companion was. Before long, Luisen began walking casually around the area, even though the few lit torches did not properly drive away all the darkness.





* * *





TL: Poor Luisen–his inner monologue was on point this chapter though. Carlton is def strangely cute. Also, Carlton was super firm yet gentle with Luisen’s phobia. >.<





Chapter 75


Chapter 75



“So, what’s your strategy now?” Carlton asked.

Luisen responded, “Is there a strategy? Just walk around until it appears; if we don’t think it’s here, we’ll go somewhere…else…Ngh.”

The young lord bumped his knee against a wooden box. His eyes had now adjusted to the dark, but his physical acumen was still the same. Luisen tried to balance himself after striking the box, but he stumbled again after stepping on an oar that had fallen to the ground.

“*Sigh.* Here, grab onto this.” Carlton held out his hand. The young lord grabbed it without any hesitation.

The two continued to walk around the lower hull like that. Carlton held the young lord steady whenever he faltered. Because he could only hear the splashing of water, the young lord tried to sharpen his senses in order to hear the snake’s slithers; the more he did so, however, the more vividly he felt the other’s body temperature and the texture of his hand.

Their earlier conversation had unsettled his heart, making Luisen pay more attention to the mercenary.

They had reached the ‘basement,’; their first impressions of this place were largely similar to the other areas in the hull. It reeked of sweat and the fishy scent of seawater. The sound of water deafened all other noise in this area; the lack of light created a gloomy atmosphere. Because he walked hand in hand with Carlton, though, something felt special about this situation. This is something he hadn’t felt while walking underneath the moonlight with a beautiful lover while listening to the dulcet tones of a live performance. He couldn’t believe that a basement–housing a monster that may pop out at any moment–could feel so romantic.

‘This is not the time to be like this.’

It wasn’t the first time he had walked hand in hand with Carlton.

‘Well, wasn’t that situation kinda romantic–…Actually, not really. Besides, now is not the time to think about these things.’

Luisen criticized himself, but the excitement in his heart did not easily subside. He took a sneaky glance at the merecenary’s face. The man’s high, straight nose bridge shone in the dim light of the torch; his brows and forehead were prominent. Piercing eyes were shadowed by fierce-looking eyebrows.

Seeing his companion wary of his surroundings, Luisen was able to calm himself. The young lord’s cheeks blushed inadvertently; it was fortunate that his surroundings were dark. Otherwise, anyone would be able to see his red face.

“The snake isn’t appearing.” Luisen said something in order to hide his heart palpitations. They had walked for a long while, but there were no signs of the snake monster.

“Yes–Should we cause some more fuss?”

“Hm. I suppose we should.”

“Would you like to run around for a bit while holding my hand?” Carlton stood in front and held out his palm. Maybe it was because of the strange atmosphere that had settled between them during this walk, it was difficult for the young lord to make eye contact with the mercenary and face him. He felt like a weirdo for being overly self-conscious. Luisen grabbed his hand, trying to remain calm. Then, he began to make large stomps.

Th-Thud! Thud! Stomp!

He wasn’t as loud as he imagined. This didn’t seem to be enough, so Luisen began to leap around.

Thud. Thud. Thud.

To reiterate, Luisen was horribly uncoordinated and ungainly; he was someone who chose to hide that fact rather than practice and exercise to overcome that clumsiness. He felt awkward while moving his body because it had been a long time since he had exercised. After jumping up and down the galley, he was left off-balance and shaky.

“Ah, Nngh!” Carlton pulled the young lord towards him and caught Luisen’s tottering body. Simultaneously, the two’s legs entangled, and their bodies came into close contact. Luisen’s hood fell off, and his hair was revealed. As soon as the young lord returned to his senses, Carlton’s chest was the first thing he saw. The sound of heartbeats–whether his or the mercenary’s–echoed loudly in his ears.

“Are you alright?” The mercenary asked.

“Uh…Uh…”

It seemed like Carlton’s voice sounded deeper than usual. Luisen felt shivers run down his spine by that rumbling voice. When the young lord looked up, the mercenary’s face was right in front of his. They were close enough for the tips of their noses to touch.

“Your hood came off.” Carlton said, but he only brushed his hand through Luisen’s disheveled hair and abandoned the hood. The mercenary gazed at the young lord’s face as if he had been possessed. The young lord could see his dazed reflection in the mercenary’s pupils.

The mercenary’s sharpness had melted down, and in its absence, there was something almost indescribable–passion? Luisen’s cheeks flushed at the affectionate yet heated gaze. The young lord recalled that his companion shot him a similar gaze at the restaurant in Mittil. This look felt comparable to that time. He had forgotten about that incident, because of their fight, but even then he had been momentarily shocked.

‘Does he like me?’

It was a gaze that induced delusional thoughts. Luisen felt trapped within that gaze; he couldn’t move as long as those eyes were focused on him.

When Luisen neither avoided nor frowned his eyes, Carlton wrapped his arm tighter around the young lord’s waist. His big palm rested on the small of the young lord’s back, as if the hand would stroke further downwards. His eyes stared into Luisen’s pupils before looking at Luisen’s lips. A moment of hesitation–in his absentmindedness, the mercenary’s breath was stolen away. Without thinking, he lowered his eyes and tilted his head to the side.

The mood of the situation made it so it wouldn’t be strange if those two kissed.

If it weren’t for the snake monster.

They suddenly heard a hiss and felt a gust of wind brush shudderingly by their ears.

Both of them looked down at their feet; right there was the snake with its angular head and slender body–the very snake they had been searching for the entire time. It posed with its mouth wide open, like it was about to bite Luisen.

“Argh!” Luisen jumped onto Carlton while exclaiming; he clung to the mercenary like a cicada would cling to an old, wizened tree. While holding the young lord, Carlton threw his dagger at the snake. Considering the situation, it was a surprisingly quick response.

However, it wasn’t a normal snake–it definitely showed it was a monster. It tilted its body mysteriously and disappeared in a blink of an eye to escape the flying dagger.

They missed the monster. Luisen’s face became flushed; only then did he realize he was hugging his companion with all his might. The young lord noticed that he was clinging.

Honestly, there was no need to jump into the other’s arms, startled. Snake monsters usually bit at people’s ankles because their heads were heavier than their serpentine bodies. To counteract that, the young lord wore ankle-high boots made of tough leather; he had even taken care to cover the leather with wooden boards and cloth, just to be safe. It may even have been better to let the snake bite; if its teeth snagged into the wood and got stuck, the snake would have no choice but to slow down.

This turn of events wasn’t romantic at all. It was detestable enough that the mysterious atmosphere hovering around them had disappeared. Embarrassed, Luisen bowed his head, “Um…You can let me down…”

Carlton placed the young lord on the ground. Luisen quickly moved away from the mercenary.

“Ah…Sorry. I was just too surprised.” The young lord muttered.

“No, not at all. I was distracted as well…” The mercenary also avoided eye contact, “But, now we’ve confirmed that it’s on this floor and that our provocation will work. It’s only a matter of time.”

“…Then, should we go around again? I think jumping…is a little difficult.”

“I’ll stamp my feet this time.”

“Alright…” Luisen nodded.

The two wandered around the basement-like hull again, focusing on their surroundings. As heated as the atmosphere was earlier, an even chillier awkwardness settled between them.

‘It would have been less awkward if we kissed.’

No–Actually, that isn’t true. ‘I should have just fallen over like a normal person. What was I thinking?’

It felt like he had been bewitched–was he bewitched by Carlton? ‘Me? The Duke of Anies, someone who had touched all the flowers in the capital? By a mercenary who was called a butcher? No. That can’t be possible.’ Luisen shook his head.

Smack–

His knee hit some of the clutter–he had no idea what it was–lying about.

“Ngh.”

“Nghh.”

It seemed like, this time, he had run into a wooden water barrel. Why were there so many things here? Getting frustrated, Luisen tried to push through, but something crossed his mind.

‘Right now…Didn’t I hear two moans?’

As soon as the question bubbled up in his mind, Luisen kicked at the water container. Carlton kicked whoever snuck out from behind that barrel; simultaneously, the mercenary stepped in front of the young lord and protected him. This was all so sudden; Luisen couldn’t figure out what he should do.

“Argh!” It was a man who hid behind the wooden pail; after being beaten by the mercenary, he was flung far away where he dry heaved and tried not to vomit.

At first, Luisen couldn’t recognize the person’s identity because of the darkness, but, on a closer look, he managed to recognize the man’s face. “Cullen?”

Heaving, Cullen flinched as soon as he heard his name. “I’m not Cullen.”

The man had forcibly lowered his tone, but no one believed him. Cullen must have also thought this was a quite lame pretense; he turned his head away slightly. When his eyes met the young lord’s briefly, he shivered and avoided the young lord’s gaze.

“What are you doing here?” Luisen interrogated.

“I was just….just feeling claustrophobic. So, I went out.” Cullen mumbled in response.

If he was feeling stifled and frustrated, then he should have walked around the deck; why would he come down to the basement where the oarsmen are? Why was he hiding from Luisen and Carlton? From head to toe, this man was suspicious.

“Cullen. Why are you here? What about your caravan members?”

“……”

“Please say something.”

“……” Cullen’s mouth was clamped tightly shut. Then, he suddenly jumped to his feet and tried to escape. Screaming and scrambling, the man’s momentum was effective, but Carlton simply tripped him over. The mercenary then pressed on Cullen’s back with his foot.

“L-Let me go! Let me go, I said!” Cullen struggled with his entire body. However, he couldn’t make the mercenary’s foot budge one inch.

Relaxed, the mercenary looked over at the young lord. “This punk won’t respond to kind words. Don’t worry though. With just one touch from me, I’ll make him reveal how much underwear his grandfather owns.”

“Mm…Well… Don’t be too harsh.” Luisen knew that a physical interrogation was inevitable, especially if Cullen wouldn’t answer their initial, gentle questions. If he hadn’t tried to escape, the young lord would not force him to deal with Carlton.

Carlton whipped Cullen around, like a rag doll, and pushed him into a square hole meant for the oar. Luisen turned around, covered his ears, and sang something random. Meanwhile, Cullen’s screams echoed through the hull.

After a while, Carlton tapped the young lord on the shoulder. Luisen turned around to see an absolutely delighted mercenary and a drenched Cullen. The poor handyman sat on his knees, looking as if his soul had escaped his body.

“This punk is more wicked than he seems.”

“What?”

Carlton said something truly surprising.





* * *





TL: Ah yes, Classic. “I’m not Cullen.” It always works.





Chapter 76


Chapter 76



“About that snake. He’s the one who brought it onto the boat.”

“What?” Luisen was startled. Cullen was the culprit behind this catastrophe? Wasn’t he a poor, young man struggling to take care of his fallen caravan members and running himself ragged to catch the runaway ghoul?

“Tell me exactly what you told him,” Luisen asked Cullen. It seems that, now that Cullen’s reason and shame had returned to his body, he didn’t particularly want to expand on this topic, but Carlton tapped the man on his back. Immediately, Cullen opened his mouth; apparently, whatever Carlton did was effective.

Cullen had no intent to lie and frankly said, “That snake. Actually, it’s a snake I raised.”

When Cullen said something absolutely insane with a clear and steady expression, the young lord began to doubt his ears. “You raised it? Like a pet?”

Cullen nodded.

Luisen knew of several nobles who made a hobby out of raising vipers. They claimed that the serpent’s sparkling eyes were cute. Of course, they also felt a thrill from the threat of being bitten. However, this was different–this thing was definitely a monster.

Even though this snake was more petite, the evil vibe it exuded and its aggression towards humans were at a level that no ordinary person could handle. A sane person would feel instinctively repulsed by the monster and would either run away or kill it. The unexpected answer made Luisen loathe to interrogate this man further; rather, he wanted to distance himself from him. “You had no idea it was a monster, right?”

“Of course, I didn’t! If I knew, how could I raise it? But, is it truly a monster? Perhaps you’re mistaken? That child is really gentle and beautiful… If you look carefully, its eyes sparkle…” Cullen bragged like a true pet owner. ‘Our child is so pretty. So kind and nice,’ he cooed indulgently. 1 However, that beautiful and kind pet snake was a monster that bit and killed people.

‘Crazy. He’s absolutely insane.’

Luisen couldn’t believe that in all the years of his life, he would come across someone that found a monster to be cute and lovable. Did they really need to continue to talk with this guy? Cullen showed no signs of stopping his boasting about his pet monster.

‘Why should I listen any further to this story?’ When Luisen turned to the mercenary, Carlton struck Cullen once more.

Cullen finally returned to his senses and went back to the original topic. “Ah. So, I met my baby when…”

The Allos caravan had gathered in Dubless County. At that time they had arrived in the South early to seek opportunities, for they had expected the South to be embroiled in a war–especially the Anies Duchy. Cullen had been ostracized by the members of the caravan and felt quite lonely; just then, he became acquainted with a man.

Cullen had remembered that the man was easygoing and quite kind, even though he seemed a little strange. That man was the one who gifted Cullen the snake.

Luisen was dumbfounded, “Who gives someone a monster? Honestly, even if you didn’t know it was a monster, didn’t you feel uncomfortable when you received it? You just took it?”

“…At first, I was a little put off by its serpentine appearance, so I refused. But, the person said that, if I had a snake, the others wouldn’t harass me and would help me out. Then, he forced me to hold it.” Cullen agreed and said that he felt too uncomfortable with the snake at first. However, he was being bullied by his colleagues in a distant land; plus, he couldn’t refuse since the man had handed the snake over as a parting gift.

“Actually, I was originally going to release it in a forest or someplace like that. I felt a bit repulsed. However, as I continued to raise it, I grew attached. I was caught in a very difficult spot.” Cullen was definitely stuck in a bad situation. The Allos caravan had traveled to the south with all intentions of walking on a golden road, but the situation in the South had exceeded all of their expectations.

All because of the Duke of Anies.

The Duke of Anies had coaxed Carlton into preventing collateral damage with his wise and humble attitude; he had even prevented problems that would have risen with the locust swarms through his surprising foresight. The Southern lords had also surrendered to Carlton, like dominoes falling one after another, because of the swarm; the southern crisis had ended without a single battle.

Luisen coughed and rubbed at his nose. ‘I did pretty well, huh?’

Carlton looked at the young lord with admiration in his eyes.

Cullen looked as if he couldn’t understand why the people in front of him were acting like this. “…I don’t understand why you’re so happy, but… Anyway our caravan decided to pack up, cut our losses, and return.”

The Allos caravan had been preparing weapons as their main cache for an outbreak of war. However, as there was no battle, they couldn’t dispose of all the stock they had brought and were forced to return. This trip had cost the Allos caravan dearly. Not only the owner, but the other caravan members became anxious and tense. In turn, they directed all that stress at Cullen. It was fortunate that only words flew at the handyman–usually, a few clubs and fists flew at him as well.

Other than the extra violence that resulted from the caravan’s setbacks; its members had appeased the boredom of their long journey by mocking and insulting Cullen. It was easy to imagine how worse the return journey would be. Cullen was sure he’d be beaten to death on this trip.

In that mess, this baby snake was the one to comfort him. The baby snake didn’t bully Cullen and listened to Cullen’s stories silently. In this lonely and distressing situation, the baby snake was Cullen’s only friend.

Curiously, if he carried the snake in his embrace, the caravan members wouldn’t harass him. Whenever they raised their hands to hit Cullen, the members were suddenly pierced with fear and avoided him. Did the man speak true? Was the snake truly helping Cullen? It was hard to believe that a small snake would have so much power, but Cullen became more and more fond of the snake.

“That’s because it’s a monster. Most people would avoid a monster’s presence.”

“He said that I’m different from ordinary people–he said that I have talent.”

“The man who gave you the snake told you that?”

“Yes.”

That man was incredibly suspicious. Luisen looked at Carlton. Without the need to voice anything out loud, Carlton was able to answer the young lord’s unasked question. “Considering his body language, it doesn’t sound like a lie.”

“So you say. But, didn’t he cry for us to help him, panicking and saying that we’re all going to die from an infectious disease?”

“No, no. I really thought it was an infectious disease!” Cullen was terrified to have another ‘sincere conversation’ with Carlton in the river. He waved his hands in aggressive denial.

“I didn’t even know my baby was venomous until a little while ago.”

""



“How did you not know that?”

“It has never bitten anyone until now; although, sometimes it goes off to hunt on its own… But all snakes are like that, right?” Until earlier, Cullen truly believed that an epidemic was about to break out. But, when Luisen observed the Allos caravan members, Cullen also saw the triangular bite mark. It was too particular and unique to deny. That mark matched the tooth of the snake he had been raising.

Only then did Cullen realize that the members had been bitten by his snake and that the symptoms weren’t caused by a disease.

“If you realized that, why didn’t you tell us immediately? Why didn’t you speak?”

“…That’s…You’re not going to leave my baby alone once you find out, right…?” Cullen wanted to save his snake. That’s why he secretly snuck down to the basement to find it. He believed that if he took it and hid it well, making it unable to bite others again, the rumors of an infectious disease would disappear and the situation would calm down.

‘Of course, with no more bite victims, the suspicions of a possible infectious disease would disappear…but is that even possible?’

A monster was a monster, not an animal. A human could not control a monster as they pleased.

‘No–there are some people that have the ability to control monsters.’ A throbbing headache was growing in the young lord’s brain. “Were you going to let all these people die in order to save your snake?”

“…For the caravan members…That’s not enough to repay the hurt they’ve given me.” Cullen clenched his trembling fists. The resentment within him surfaced; his eyes looked distant yet delighted–as if he was imagining something pleasant.

‘…Let’s stop talking further on this topic.’

The young lord wasn’t sure if Cullen was originally a normal person that turned insane from the constant bullying or if he was originally such a psycho, but the reality, currently, was that he was struggling to save a monster. It wouldn’t be fruitful to debate a crazy person. Even a normal person would become unstable from being around someone like him. “You said you came down to capture the snake, correct? So you must know the method to lure him out?”

“…I know how, but… But…I can’t say. You’ll kill it if you catch it… NghH!”

Slap–

Carlton hit Cullen in the back of the head. Cullen’s neck bent forward as if it had broken.

“Do you think we’re nicely recommending you to do this? Summon the snake.” Carlton tyrannized the handyman.

Cullen shook his head, shivering, “I…I don’t want to.”

“Then do you want to die?”

“But…”

“Or, should I make you suffer more than death?” Carlton smiled and pointed toward the river.

Cullen, filled with despair, quivered as he begged Luisen. “Revered Pilgrim, merciful pilgrim. Please don’t let that vicious bastard harass me.”

Was he really trying to garner sympathy in his position? Luisen was dumbfounded. Carlton dragged Cullen by his nape; Cullen cried and struggled. He struggled for a long time considering the mercenary was his opponent.

His affection for the snake was that sincere–a friendship between an alienated person and a snake. It was a heartbreaking story, but Luisen felt uncomfortable that a monster with a deadly poison was considered a pet.

“I’ll speak! The box! There’s a box! No matter how far it goes, it’ll always come back to the box when the sun comes up!”

“Where is that box?”

“O-Over there…” Cullen sobbed as he pointed to someplace on the ground. The box was rolling around on the floor, disturbed by Cullen’s stumbling after Carlton hit him. While Carlton shook the handyman to try and force more potential information from Cullen, Luisen went to pick up the box directly.

The wooden box was painted black; its texture and solidity were so luxurious that even Luisen admired the crate. It wasn’t something that a junior caravan member would carry. Luisen opened the box and was struck with terror.





* * *





TL: As much as I don’t mind snakes, I would NOT want to keep a snake that can turn things into a ghoul as a pet. Like dang. Bro. It can bite you.

I do feel bad though; that snake was his only friend.





Footnotes




우쭈쭈 is the sound-effect/action used in the original novel. It’s something you might do to a child or a pet. I used coo, but there are definitely Korean words that fit ‘coo’ better. I guess the long explanation would be something like ‘baby talk.’ but that didn’t fit as well as I would have liked within the sentence.





Chapter 77


Chapter 77



“What is this!”

“What’s wrong?” Carlton came running, dragging Cullen behind him. Luisen, stunned, showed the mercenary the insides of the box. Carlton was shocked as well.

Inside the box–under the lid–an image of a mountain goat with three eyes was engraved into the wood. Although the design was simplified, the rendering looked exactly the same as the strange bust that Luisen and Carlton saw inside the centipede cave.

“Why is this…here?” Carlton asked. Luisen couldn’t figure out the answer either. The two naturally turned to look at Cullen.

“W-What?” He exclaimed.

“Tell me everything about the person who gave this to you.”

“What? Him? I don’t really know much about him either…” Cullen began to ramble as he immediately blurted out whatever came to mind. The person was a young man, but wore good clothes. A confident, relaxed aura surrounded him; he had a high enough status to be treated well within the castle they were staying at.

“Strange–did you find anything suspicious about him?”

“Yes, well… At first, I thought he was a con artist. When we first met, he claimed he was a wizard? So, I asked him to show me some magic; he bragged that, if he were to show off, everyone here would die.”

“And?”

“When I told him not to brag, he said he was different from ordinary wizards. Someone great had opened his eyes to magic; therefore, he claimed he would only use his powers for that person. Does that make sense? In any case, he was a good person. He would listen to me mope and curse the world while I drank.”

“Do you know his name, age, residence…anything like that?”

“…He was called Lencul, apparently, and I don’t know his age. He looked young, but he also looked older at times as well. We met in Dubless county, but I don’t think he lives there. He said he’d come there to meet his brothers.”

“Lencul? That’s just the syllables in your name arranged backwards. He gave you a totally false name–he had no intent of even hiding that. You don’t even know if he’s truly a wizard. In the end, you don’t know anything, do you?”

“I already said I don’t know much…” Cullen protested timidly, wary of the mercenary.

“Then, do you know anything about this engraving? Did he say anything about it?” Luisen showed Cullen the design in the box.

Cullen nodded. “Yes, yes. He explained a bit about it–he said it’s the symbol of the person he serves. The horns represent authority and dignity, and the mountain goat represents… What did he say? Hmmm. Ah, and the extra eye symbolizes that he’s opened his eyes to the truth. Doesn’t this sound like a wizard? Wizards often talk about the truth of the world. I’ve answered your question well this time, haven’t I?”

‘What is with this guy? That wasn’t anything particularly difficult to say?’

Luisen had a headache. “In any case…So… He’s part of Ruger’s gang, right?”

“It seems that way.” Carlton said.

“Damn it! That’s right. There can’t possibly be that many insane men out there giving monsters as gifts.” Anger burst forth from the young lord. ‘Before I regressed, did the ‘plague’ start with Cullen as it did in this timeline?’

In the previous timeline, the snake monster had spread out and turned the Midwest region of the kingdom into a field of dust. If the one-armed pilgrim had not identified the monster, the population of snake monsters would have spread throughout the kingdom, unopposed. Even as they died, the people thought they were suffering from an infectious disease.

Committing all sorts of evil deeds around the land…Who on earth were Ruger and his gang? And how does Luisen fit into their plans? Was he being targeted?

‘Ruger, what in the world are you thinking? What is my role in your schemes?’

Luisen bit his lips as he recalled Ruger. The servant, whom he thought he knew well, was becoming more and more unfamiliar as time went by. “I don’t know what those people want. I have no clue.”

Exterminating the villagers of a remote mountain settlement, kidnapping pregnant women, the shady altar, and releasing monsters with strange venom upon the populace…

It wasn’t like they were trying to conquer territories; they weren’t even trying to amass a fortune. It didn’t even seem like they were seeking power. The group appeared to move stealthily and quietly for some larger goal, but he couldn’t even imagine the rough outline of their motives.

‘And the wizard? Was the ability to control monsters related to magic? Then, who is the person leading the group?’

As the information he had increased, it felt like Ruger and his gang’s identity were even more mysterious.

“Judging from their actions, they look like villains trying to throw the world into chaos. Well, something like that. As if they want to doom everyone.”

Carlton’s theory was just so plausible; a giggle bubbled out of the young lord’s mouth.

After all, the previous timeline’s world was a total mess. As the old saying goes, when a country collapses, bad luck will follow. Natural disasters, wars, famines, plagues–everything had happened. If one were to voice a particularly heretical opinion, one could say that everything was an ominous portent for ruin, for an apocalypse.

‘Maybe it’s a heretical cult. Back during my time, the church wasn’t particularly enthusiastic about gnashing its teeth and punishing others, but…’

The church believed in a one true god, a god that symbolizes light. All other faiths were painted as heretical and punished severely. The inquisitor who rooted out these cults was famous for being incredibly vicious.

That person was apparently so pious and single-minded; once they grabbed hold of you, they’d crush all the bones in your body until they received a confession. Such a bloody rumor. Since Luisen had lived life in the lap of debauchery, the nosy people that regarded him as an eyesore often threatened that the inquisitor would visit him. However, the young lord had never met them in person.

‘What happened to that world after I died…?’

Luisen tried to imagine it but soon stopped. He was saddened by the thought of the one-armed pilgrim dying alone.

The young lord and the mercenary talked further, but they couldn’t make any conclusions yet. They still had too little information.

Meanwhile, the time had passed, and the sun rose. Since it was time for the snake to return to the box, Luisen and Carlton had agreed to put off their conversation and catch the snake first.

It wasn’t hard to catch the monster. As soon as they stopped Cullen from interfering and set the box far away, the snake slowly crawled out. The snake had its guard down; Carlton very simply cleaved the snake’s head in half.

The monster died before it could fully realize its impending death. Compared to the fear it wrought upon the boat, its death was anticlimactic.

***

As soon as Luisen and Carlton dragged Cullen out of the hull, their world flooded with blue light. It was early, but the two headed straight for the captain’s room. It was time to reveal the whole story and request help.

The captain greeted the two with a haggard expression. It would be catastrophic for him to pretend ignorance of the existence of a localized epidemic on the ship and dock in the port; however, if he left the ship in quarantine, he felt like he would be beaten by the passengers. He stayed up all night wracking his brain, but no miracle solution manifested.

He couldn’t do this or that; whatever he chose, the captain would have to bear the brunt of the consequences. Honestly, he’d rather jump into the cold river than to deal with this. ‘Yes, let’s just jump!’ Just as he thought that, Luisen appeared.

That man not only solved the problem but also taught him how to make the antidote. To the captain, Luisen looked like an angel sent from heaven.

“How did you know that the cause was a monster? Not an infectious disease? I’ve heard that pilgrims and roaming priests often help those in trouble with their great insight–I guess it’s true. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.” The captain bowed his head, deep enough to reach his knees, as he thanked the young lord for his hard work. Then, he summoned the sailors and asked them to see if there was a pharmacist or an apothecary among the passengers.

Deciding to leave this matter to the captain, Luisen and Carlton were eager to return to their rooms. Cullen had also been entrusted to the captain; although he was ignorant to his pet’s true nature as a monster, it would be difficult for the poor handyman to avoid punishment. He would be fortunate to not be beaten to death by the other passengers who may root out the detailed nature of this situation.

The incident had ended, but they didn’t feel all that refreshed.

As soon as he returned to the room, Luisen threw off his robe and sat on the edge of the bed, taking a small pouch out of his luggage. It contained the knife made of bone he had retrieved from the centipede’s cave. While running away from the monster, he accidentally brought the knife with him; Luisen felt too uncomfortable to throw it away in a random place, so he carried it around on the off chance it may prove to be some sort of clue.

He placed that next to the wooden box that had contained the snake; he looked between the two alternatingly. At first glance, they looked plain, unlike objects that were mired in ominous events and suspicious cabals.

Everywhere they went, they noticed Ruger’s gang doing strange things, but they had yet to encounter them. They always became entangled with the gang’s matters while passing through. There was a giant knot of frustration within the young lord’s brain. Carlton looked anxiously at the young lord.

Luisen said, “I’d rather coolly bump into these people. Then, at least, we can ask what they’re doing.”

“But these are people that are trying to kidnap my Duke? If they see you, they’ll try to capture you.”

“I’m even more tempted, because of that! I have no idea what they’re thinking! What are they trying to accomplish by kidnapping me?”

“The South will go crazy if that were to happen.” At some point, Carlton had taken a bottle out of the cupboard and was shaking it.

‘When did he take that out?’

Luisen felt desperate for a drink. He felt like he was going to faint, so exhausted and weary from walking around all night, but he couldn’t rest because his brain was crammed full of theories. After regressing, Luisen tried not to drink alcohol if he could help it, but perhaps today it would be okay to sip a little. The young lord received the bottle, sipped a few sips, and returned it to the mercenary.

“Well. I supposed there would be pandemonium.” It would be okay for ‘Luisen’ to disappear. However, if the ‘Duke of Anies’ disappeared, the duchy would collapse. He wouldn’t be a noble, one of the Great lords and the strongest aristocrat in the South, without the support of the plentiful golden fields.

“The new king’s position will also be unstable.” Carlton fed the young lord some candy and sat opposite the young lord. The mercenary tilted the bottle towards his own mouth. The beds were close enough that their knees bumped against each other; although this was a common occurrence, the young lord’s legs tensed up for some reason.





* * *





TL: Who knows what Ruger and his folks are scheming O.O Also, if a wizard started ranting at me about being able to destroy everyone around…I’d run away. I wouldn’t accept gifts from them either.





Chapter 78


Chapter 78



Back in the basement, if the snake monster had not appeared with its mouth wide open, the two’s lips would have naturally touched. And from then on, the relationship between Luisen and Carlton would have changed. This was the first time they had been left alone in a room since that incident. No one was looking for them, and the door was locked; they were perfectly alone.

Luisen nibbled and sucked on his candy. He was weary and tired, but he strangely trembled with excitement. All this while, they had held hands, bumped bodies while riding horseback, embraced each other while wandering throughout the mountain…he had even woken up in Carlton’s arms. The young lord couldn’t believe he was bothered by a brush of the knee now.

Ahem. Luisen coughed for no reason. Perhaps the mercenary thought the young lord was thirsty, Carlton handed over the bottle again. Come to think of it, wasn’t sharing a single bottle of alcohol a little…*too much*?

Since when had he felt so flustered by his relationship with Carlton? Although the young lord was overwhelmed, the general had done him a great service to teach him how to keep a poker face. That skill was highly useful at this moment. Luisen gulped down the drink and said casually, “If the new king only receives the acknowledgment of three great lords, he’ll sit upon an imperfect throne forever.”

Luisen took a sneaky glance at the mercenary; Carlton didn’t seem as conscious of the situation as he was.

‘What is this? Am I the only one that’s stressing over this?’

It would have been awkward if his companion was just as self-conscious as he was, but Luisen’s pride was hurt when the other looked completely fine. Sure, the king is a popular man right now, but even the young lord had a colorful past in which many people offered bribes to his servants in order to be alone with him.

“I suppose the first prince’s, your master and king’s, position has always been a bit insecure,” Luisen said with a touch of grumpiness in his voice.

“That’s true. If the royal authority is shaken, the nobles in the land will fight; everything, from top to bottom, will be a mess. It’ll be difficult for the state to function properly, and the kingdom will be helpless to address any small crises.”

Faced with Carlton’s analysis, Luisen forgot his earlier complaints and made an audible gasp. The future he experienced really went that way. As soon as his duchy collapsed, the South fought fiercely; they were briefly united against the common enemy of the locusts and, later, everyone else. Betrayal and slander became rampant in their peaceful land, which once held abundant fields of grain and ripe orchards with fruit. Everything became a mess.

If one considered how dire the situation was in the relatively relaxed and leisurely Southern Region, the other areas touched by territorial conflicts and catastrophes were like scorched earth–the people’s lives were simply devastated. In particular, the denizens of the Northern Region ran away from their residences, abandoning countless cities; in their place, monsters came down from the mountain to occupy the resulting emptiness. What a headache.

In such a situation, no one emerged as a dominant power; the political game never turned in favor of any one group either. No one benefitted from the misfortune that hit their kingdom. Quality of life quickly declined; the people were impoverished. Everyone became poor and sick. Luisen had a short life, but, in that small time, he had observed everyone else’s hellish lives. Unless a hero stepped up, the future would probably grow worse.

“Considering all of that, do you think their dream is to truly destroy the world?”

At Luisen’s serious question, Carlton erupted into laughter, “They’re not some third-rate theater villain. What kind of cliché like that would exist in today’s world?”

“Mmm…” Luisen adopted an awkward expression. As he knew the future, it was hard to let this theory pass as some joke.

“If you’re truly targeted by a villain whose dream is to destroy the world, then it’s a huge deal. Because of my duke, I too am targeted by this third-rate villain… I should receive a good reward from you. I’m an expensive mercenary, you know?” Carlton laughed.

Luisen burst into laughter at his companion’s lighthearted joke. “No, no. Even if it weren’t for me, you’d be targeted by them as well. Aren’t you the first prince’s sword? No matter what, someday you would have been in their sights as well. Rather, you should thank me for giving you extra information as we travel. Your eyes have been opened, and you won’t be caught with your pants down between your legs. I should be the one that’s rewarded!”

“What’s with that logic?”

The two bantered playfully. Meanwhile, uncomfortable feelings and worries disappeared; a pleasant alcohol buzz washed over them.

Luisen leaned back on his arm, smiling, “You’re drunk, right?”

“No,” Carlton smirked, taking the bottle from Luisen’s hand before hand-feeding the young lord another piece of candy.

‘Am I a child?’ the young lord thought. Still, as he rolled the candy around in his mouth, the young lord could feel the mercenary’s worries for him, conveyed through the medium of sweetness. He was sure his companion continued to make silly jokes to alleviate his anxiety.

Still leaning back on his arm, Luisen slid his eyes up the mercenary. ‘Is this man really the ‘butcher’ I was so afraid of?’

""



That question often entered his mind while traveling. Was this really the man who brutally killed his retainers, slaughtered innocent people, and burned down his golden fields?

In Luisen’s watchful eyes, Carlton was hot-tempered, easily lost his cool, and was an objectively ‘bad’ person…but he wasn’t evil. Although he dealt with his opponents a little harshly, this man knew how to sympathize with and comfort him. This man was clever and a visionary.

No matter how mentally-driven and hot-tempered Carlton may be, would he really carry out a slaughter that would ultimately stain his reputation and become a blot on his life? It was clear that he had committed a massacre in the previous timeline, but he was beginning to doubt that it was solely the mercenary’s fault.

Now that he regressed, there were unimaginable plots everywhere in the past; schemes that had been inadvertently ignored. Hadn’t Ruger concealed some ulterior motive in the midnight escape plan, although the young lord previously thought the choice to run away had originally been his own idea.

Luisen had no clue, but many people must have lost their lives in similar conspiracies. Most of them probably didn’t even know they were caught up in a scheme–like the people of the Allos caravan who died from a snake monster’s venom, even though they were ignorant to the fact that they had been bitten.

What if there was a conspiracy against Carlton as well?

A conspiracy may have bitten Carlton’s ankle as well; the mercenary would have been just as ignorant as the others.

‘What a shame.’

That, however, was the problem of the past. No one but Luisen remembered; there was no way to find out if the mercenary was innocent. If the crime had been committed because the mercenary was in the wrong place at the wrong time. The young lord had been given the opportunity to return to the past and to atone, but Carlton had not.

The mercenary–the one that would remain in Luisen’s memories forever–would stay a sinner.

Thinking about this possibility, Luisene felt so sorry that he inadvertently reached out; Carlton’s rough hair slipped through the young lord’s soft fingers. For a moment, the mercenary’s pupils trembled.

“Ah, sorry.” Luisen realized what he had done and rushed to try and withdraw his hand. How rude of him to stroke a grown man’s head so suddenly. However, Carlton immediately grabbed his wrist; his expression looked subdued, but there was a boiling warmth in his eyes.

The mercenary asked, “Why didn’t you avoid me?”

There was no need to explain the mercenary’s words. As soon as Carlton spoke, both Luisen and Carlton recalled their moment in the hull. A fast heartbeat–unable to determine whose since they were in such close contact. Their breath intermingled and strangely tickled each other’s cheeks. The young lord’s fall was a mistake, but the narrowing distance–almost too close–wasn’t a mistake.

Since Carlton looked so indifferent, Luisen was quite flustered by the question. ‘What’s this? Is his poker face better than mine?’

Well, come to think of it, it wasn’t so unexpected that the young lord didn’t notice the other’s feelings due to his own denseness. “Just because.”

“Just because?” Carlton sounded like he was suppressing his anger.

Luisen hurriedly added, “I didn’t dislike it. At that moment, I thought I would be alright with being swept along in the atmosphere.”

Honestly, there were not many thoughts inside his head. He’d previously done more than kissing while going along with the flow.

Luisen’s impassive answer set Carlton’s heart ablaze. The mercenary was well aware that Luisen was known as a famous playboy in the capital, but experiencing it in person was different.

“So. Just because. Because you didn’t particularly hate it. You were swept along by the atmosphere…” Carlton said to himself, calmly. Goosebumps ran down both Luisen’s arms.

“Then, when faced with that sort of atmosphere, you’ll simply ‘not avoid’ your partner?”

“…No, I don’t do that with just anyone.” Luisen shook his head desperately. ‘Ah, I think I said something wrong, but how do I fix this?’

However, Carlton didn’t give him space to relax and craft an answer. He pulled at the young lord’s wrist and kissed Luisen’s palm.

“C-Carlton?” Startled, Luisen tried to retrieve his hand, but the hand remained still. Carlton looked the young lord straight in the eye and kissed him again–the wrist this time. He pressed down with soft lips before licking the young lord’s delicate skin with the burning tip of his tongue. Afterwards, the mercenary released the young lord.

He didn’t stop there; Carlton kissed down the young lord’s forearm and then his shoulders. It felt like the rush of alcohol heat surged in the young lord’s body; his view suddenly spun. Luisen gave a small gasp–an exclamation. Carlton gently placed his teeth against the young lord’s wriggling, trembling neck; Luisen’s body shook.

In the blink of an eye, the mercenary had wrapped his hand around the back of the young lord’s neck. His dark eyes seemed to question Luisen, ‘What will you do now?’

‘What does he mean by that?’ Luisen thought. The allure that the mercenary exuded felt so chillingly exhilarating. This was beyond simply ‘not hating’ him; Luisen wanted him.

“You’re so awful.” Luisen placed his arms around the mercenary’s neck. There was no space to get closer; Carlton’s lips overlapped Luisen’s. The young lord could feel the vibrations of the mercenary’s laughter through their lips.

‘Does he like this that much?’

Luisen bit Carlton’s lower lip gently because he was slightly grumpy. Even that stimulated the mercenary; the kiss was deepened, more and more. Their lips touched, fell away, then touched again…and again….and again. For quite some time, only the moist sounds of kissing could be heard in the room.





* * *





TL: FINALLY

Also, can I just say that I love that the bottom/shou is the sexually experienced one in the relationship? Too often it’s the opposite.





Chapter 79


Chapter 79



As soon as Luisen breathed out, Carlton banged his lips to the young lord’s again. Carlton’s kisses were hasty and intense–quite befitting his character. Perhaps due to his lack of oxygen, Luisen’s mind went blank from dizziness. The Lust and excitement filled in the vacancy where his rationality had been.

“Haah,” Luisen smiled and dragged the mercenary down to the bed with him. Carlton followed and, almost unexpectedly, climbed atop Luisen’s body. Luisen’s hair became disheveled, spread on the white sheets; Carlton automatically ran his fingers between the golden strands. “Ever since I cut your hair, I’ve always wanted to touch it like this.”

“Mmhmm, So you say.”

‘He’s saying he’s been conscious of me since then? So early in our journey?’ the young lord thought.

Only now did he understand the strange tension he had felt this far. Carlton’s seemingly overprotective behavior flashed through mind; Luisen burst into laughter. This tickled his heart.

He’d been seduced by countless love confessions, but he had never felt this way. Now that he knew the other liked him, he saw things in a different light–moments that he had simply dismissed without further thought turned into exciting memories.

‘I mean, it’s Carlton. Not anyone else. *The* Carlton.’

The past, when he trembled in fear when faced with the mercenary, felt so far away. Back then, he had been too frightened to speak to the man, but now he was doing something more. Even kissing the mercenary felt so much better than his imagined fantasies.

Luisen and Carlton kissed each other deeply again. This time, Luisen also roughly grabbed Carlton’s hair. The mercenary’s hair was so stiff it soon became a crow’s nest. Amused by that sight, the young lord laughed once more.

One kiss–one light tease. That alone made him feel as good as tumbling in the sheets with another. It was the first time that he finally understood the cliché, ‘A blessing in disguise.’ 1

‘Ah, alright. What’s the point of thinking about it any further? How should I know what Ruger and his gang are doing?’

A lot had changed from the previous timeline. The Duke of Anies was alive and well; his vast wealth still remained. He’s doing well as a duke. Above all, he had by his side an ascendant status symbol (a rising star), the strongest man in the kingdom who had won his position as the prince’s confidant by force.

‘It’ll all work out somehow.’

Thanks to the steadfast companion by his side, Luisen’s uniquely optimistic nature had been slightly revived.

Luisen yawned, body stretched out languidly, and blinked. As his anxiety disappeared, the heightened tension in his body began to subside. Drowsiness washed over him.

“Are you sleepy now?” Carlton’s hand went inside of Luisen’s clothes and fiddled with the young lord’s waist. However, it was difficult to rouse the young lord with that touch. He had been through so much all night–Luisen’s physical stamina was now at its limit.

Luisen pulled at the mercenary’s arm and laid it beside him. “Let’s sleep. Let’s sleep deeply and then eat.” He patted the mercenary on the back.

“Hah, tsk.” Carlton felt dumbfounded, but, instead of standing up, he turned to face the young lord. Luisen soon fell asleep. The patting soon stopped, but Carlton’s heart still felt soothed and comfortable.

One night’s lack of sleep wasn’t enough to tire Carlton, but his eyelids became heavier gradually as he smelled Luisen’s scent and listened to the young lord’s slow breathing and rhythmic heartbeats.

In the distance, he could hear the sound of a horn, and the boat began to move again. The ship’s renewed movement was the biggest factor in his surging sleepiness; the two fell asleep, ignorant to the world.



***



As Luisen expected, the captain worked hard to do what was entrusted to him. He locked Cullen up and sent a carrier pigeon towards the port city to explain the situation within the ship. The crew then gathered to explain the truth of the epidemic to the onboard guests before starting travel once more. He hadn’t forgotten to rustle up an apothecary to make the antidote either.

Due to those efforts, the ship began to cut through the river again, moving forward vigorously. Because the resolution of the epidemic was such a sensitive matter, the crew’s explanation spread quickly through the passenger rumor mill.

At first, the people didn’t believe it. They had met many people and wandered around many places, but they had never heard of such a monster.

While he was at it, the captain unveiled the snake’s corpse to the passengers. Everyone who saw its body shuddered. The mere sight of the snake gave them goosebumps; they felt an instinctive disgust and repulsion. There was no way something so dreadful could be an ordinary snake. Everyone became convinced when they saw the body, so they obediently believed the captain’s explanation.

And soon, the pharmacist/apothecary completed the antidote. That person followed the formula provided by Luisen; the medicine was fed to the Allos caravan members and the oarsmen without delay. The effects quickly emerged–the patients’ fevers subsided and their rough breathing calmed down. Soon, those folks returned to consciousness as well.

Their recovery reassured everyone on board; they could finally believe all parts of the story. By the time Luisen and Carlton left the room, there was no one on board who didn’t know the two.

Luisen and Carlton walked around while staying about a half-step further apart than usual. They were too conscious of each other; a warm but awkward aura surrounded the two.

People shouted as soon as the two stepped inside the restaurant.

“There they are!”

“I heard you guys were the ones to catch the monster and told us how to make the antidote?”

Luisen and Carlton, who had just woken up and came here for a bite to eat, were greatly flustered by the unexpected welcome. The mercenary quickly stepped forward and hid the young lord behind him.

“Excuse me, could you tell us more about the snake monster? Is it a new type? Where do they originally live? How did you identify it?”

“Your instructions for manufacturing the antidote were very unique. Did you learn herbology from the monks?”

“Come! Sit here! Tell us what happened yesterday in more detail!”

There were people who asked various questions with an almost scary focus.

“Thank you! Thank you so much! Because of you, the ship is moving again! We can arrive at the port in time! If I don’t arrive by the appointed date I will have to pay a huge penalty!”

“How did you know the cause was a monster? You folks are incredible!”

There were also people that suddenly gave them thanks and praises. The people cheered loudly enough to make their ears numb. Every single person looked a little haggard–unable to sleep due to their accumulated worries–but sincere joy lit up their faces.

This burdensome interest was counterproductive to hiding the two’s identities. How should they escape this situation? Morrison approached just as they had that thought; he had his usual grin on his face, although he seemed relatively aloof compared to the excited crowd.

“You two! Let’s talk for a brief second. Everyone, I have something to talk about with my party members, so I’ll take them with me!” Morrison sped out of the restaurant, dragging Luisen and Carlton behind him. Luisen felt a little nervous–the man’s expression looked slightly chilly.

“You have something to say to us?”

“It’s an excuse, of course. If you had been caught there, they would have had a hold of you lot for the entire day. You’ve worked hard all night, so you should get some rest. It’d be best to eat elsewhere.” Morrison handed Luisen a basket full of bread before re-entering the restaurant, saying that he wanted to appease the crowd.

‘As expected, he’s a good person.’ Luisen hugged the bread basket as he looked at the merchant’s back.

“I suppose that person isn’t going to ask us anything?” Carlton complained.

“He’s being considerate of us. What a thoughtful and kind person.” Luisen automatically praised Morrison; looking to the side, he found that Calrton looked displeased. “Do you dislike Morrison?”

“It’s not a matter of like or dislike; he’s simply a stranger. It’s my duke that’s the one that likes him too much.”

“Mm, is that so?” Luisen teased. ‘Look at him. Considering recent events, is that jealousy?’ A subtle smile bloomed on Luisen’s lips.

“Why are you smiling like that?”

“No reason.” Luisen stepped on his tiptoes and kissed his companion. After a short peck, he whispered, “Let’s go find a deserted place.”

The irritation that filled Carlton’s expression turned limp before crumbling away. The mercenary allowed himself to be docilely led away by the young lord’s hand.

Unfortunately, it was incredibly hard to find a quiet place to eat. Luisen was quite noticeable as the only pilgrim on board; there were people everywhere on this ship. Even if they barely managed to find a vacant spot, people would often recognize him and approach. Once caught, it was obvious that a crowd would soon flock, so they avoided then avoided people some more…but the two ended up staying in their room.

Time passed like that; in the blink of an eye, the ship settled into the harbor. Though it had been stopped for one night, the ship hurried and was able to arrive on schedule.

Luisen, along with Morrison, headed for the deck. Carlton stayed in the cargo compartment with the caravan people to help unload their luggage with his abundant strength. Luisen had decided to leave the boat first with Morrison since he could get hurt while wandering around. He didn’t want to be separated from the mercenary, but it couldn’t be helped. He wasn’t a hired sword; he couldn’t do anything like patrolling the cargo compartment.

He felt somehow lonely now that they were apart after sticking by each other’s side for so long. In Carlton’s stead, Luisen stroked Zephys’s hair. The haughty horse wagged its tail indifferently.

“Revered Pilgrim! Let’s see each other again in the future. I’ll buy you a drink!”

“Thank you so much for helping us out this time; if you ever need wool, please come to our caravan. We’ll treat you well!”

While waiting to disembark, the people recognized the young lord and greeted him, one by one. Luisen kept pressing down on his hood, embarrassed. Fortunately, the stairs were soon lowered, and the people soon began to move; it seemed like their interest in him ended there.

“We should also leave.”

“Yes.” Luisen followed Morrison off the ship. The harbor, to speak of crowded places, was horribly packed. There were so many people that it was difficult to take a single step.

As Luisen stumbled from being hit by passing shoulders, Morrison grabbed his arm. “Are you alright?”

“Is it always this crowded here?” Luisen didn’t think it was the same way when he had passed through in the past. Although the port was active and full of travelers–as any port should be–this place didn’t seem this congested.

“They’re all spectators.”

“Spectators?”

Morrison pointed to something far in the distance. The young lord could see two knights in metal plate armor. They certainly stood out amongst the ordinary people milling about. The two were pushing along a wooden cage with Cullen inside. It seemed that the poor handyman was exhausted and had aged considerably these past few days.

Since the captain had contacted the lord in advance, the lord had sent a few knights to capture Cullen. The spectators hurled abuse at the man; they even threw stones and rotten fish as well.

Luisen watched the scene with complicated feelings. The man reaped what he sowed, but the young lord could sympathize with the loneliness that led him to rely on a snake monster.

“What will be his punishment?” Luisen whispered to himself. He wasn’t expecting an answer.

However, Morrison replied. “He’ll burn to death alive. There is no mercy to be shown at a sinner’s demise.”

His voice was cold and disdainful. As Luisen turned back, surprised, Morrison was staring at the young lord with a hitherto unseen expression. His face was emotionless–like a stone statue–but his eyes were piercingly intense. It felt as if the merchant could see through his head. There was a blue flame in his eyes in the shape of a cross.

A cross-shaped flame!

God was symbolized by light. Therefore, the church regarded fire as a blessing from God to men; priests could summon a small torchlight. The most pious and well-disciplined among them housed flames in their eyes.

A long time ago, Luisen had seen a cross in the eyes of a high priest he had met during an event in the royal palace.

‘Is he from the church?’ An ominous feeling bolted through the young lord.

“Now, let’s hear your story, Sir Fake-Pilgrim-with-a-Demon-Worshiping-Holy-Object. Who are you?”

“I don’t know what you’re talking about…”

Morrison didn’t give Luisen a chance to ask further questions. He pushed the young lord’s chest lightly with his hand. The moment Luisen stumbled back, his mind was sucked into a dark void.





* * *





TL: I think we all called it! He was suss!!





Footnotes




인생은 한 치 앞도 모르는 is the original. Literally, it means “You don’t know in life.” Basically, this comes from an old folk tale where a man loses his horse only for it to come back with a mare. The man also breaks his leg, only to realize that he can now avoid being drafted into war. Basically, these bad happenings were blessings in disguise.





Chapter 80


Chapter 80



Carlton spat out the blood that pooled in his mouth. Surrounding him were Morrison’s men–once a part of his party–collapsed and prone.

He felt somewhat uneasy ever since he had been asked by Morrison to help move the cargo. However, he was displeased by the revelation that his alone time with Luisen would soon come to an end; the mercenary ignored that feeling without further contemplation. He shouldn’t have ignored it.

At first, the cargo transportation process progressed normally. Gradually, the uneasy feeling built up within him. He felt anxious since the young lord wasn’t in his view. Luisen was the type of person to trip while walking on a flat surface; honestly, Carlton should be by his side. Unable to endure this anxiety, he thought he should go off to find his companion when Morrison’s men suddenly pulled out knives and ambushed him.

Only then did he realize what had been tugging at his mind for the entire time: he was feeling the consequences of another’s wariness and vigilance.

Carlton took out his sword and responded in kind. Morrison’s men had all been well trained; their individual swordsmanship skills were incredible, and they moved in sync, as if they had fought together more than once or twice. These were highly trained elite soldiers that one could take into any territory.

However, unfortunately, their opponent was Carlton. The mercenary had strength beyond all logic and was particularly adept at dueling. He knocked down Morrison’s men in an instant. He grabbed one fallen man by his hair, “Who are you people? Who sent you?”

Of course, there was no answer; Carlton wasn’t really expecting one either. He was simply nervous and needed to verbally release his agitation; the thought of Luisen and Morrison alone together made his heart feel like it would explode. The mercenary roughly tossed the man’s head aside and ran up to the deck.

The people, startled by the mercenary’s terrifying bloodlust, parted naturally to create a path. Carlton searched for Luisen on the boat.

‘Where is the Duke?’

Nothing. Luisen was nowhere to be seen.

‘Where is he? Where did they go?’

‘There’s no way I’d miss him; why can’t I see him?’

Morrison couldn’t be found either. He probably disappeared somewhere with the young lord.



‘I let my guard down.’

He had considered Morrison suspicious for a while now; strangely, he even felt repulsed by and disliked the man. Carlton trusted his intuition. Normally, he wouldn’t have let his guard down around that man. In a normal situation, he would have found out who that man was and stayed by Luisen’s side.

However, this time, he ignored his intuition and did not listen to the warnings that his instincts were blaring. He was being complacent–completely unlike him.

‘Why did I do that?’

It’s just…after a while, he had stopped observing his surroundings properly. His keenly sharpened senses dulled; his attention had been wholly focused on Luisen. There must have been more warning signs, but none of them entered his view. His eyes were too busy chasing the young lord’s gaze.

He had spent this entire time with Luisen–laughing, kissing, sneaking out to the deck at night to kiss again. They weren’t doing anything in particular, but the time passed by in an instant. They weren’t bored at all. The mercenary floated like he was walking in the air; he was in ecstasy, like a child who had tasted the sweetness of candy for the first time in his life.

And he was reaping the consequences now. It wasn’t like he had been caught by a complicated scheme or some unfamiliar spell. He had lost Luisen in such an absurdly ridiculous and needless way. He felt a great deal of regret. His normally calm mind, which would be alert even in a life-threatening situation, felt hazy and vacant now. All he could think of was Luisen’s parting wave, saying they’d meet up later.

Neiiighh–!

He heard a familiar horse whinny; Zephys had galloped up to its master.

‘That’s right. I still have you, Zephys.’

Carlton leapt onto the horse’s back. Zephys had been with the young lord; it was a clever fellow, so it must remember where Morrison had taken Luisen.

“Giddy up!” Carlton urged his steed roughly. He heard complaints from various corners, but the crowd–the many people–in this port didn’t even enter his focused view.

He needed to find Luisen as soon as possible. He had to return to the young lord’s side.



*******



The first thing Luisen felt when he had come to his senses was the fact that the hood covering his face had disappeared. The cold air enveloped his entire body. He opened his eyes slightly, but the room was too dark for him to see anything.

‘My clothes are all gone.’

Luisen also noticed that his arms and legs were tied to something resembling a chair.

‘Where am I? How long have I been out?’

Suddenly, an ominous feeling gripped his body; Morrison’s cold expression, which he had seen just before he fainted–came to mind.

“If you’re finished trying to figure out your situation, you should hurry and fully open your eyes.”

That was Morrison’s voice.

‘Oh my god. He was right in front of me.’

Luisen slowly opened his eyes, trying not to show any signs of his surprise. His long eyelashes rose in an elegant parabola, revealing clear blue eyes underneath; he stared straight at Morrison.

“What are you doing?” Luisen asked abruptly. When his status as a fake pilgrim was revealed, the young lord stopped using honorifics. Being polite wasn’t originally part of his temperament, after all. “How did you know I was a fake pilgrim? Did you perhaps know from the very beginning?”

Morrison didn’t respond. Luisen recognized that the silence was a positive sign.

‘So, he knew I was a fake pilgrim from the beginning and thus sent us a commission?’

Luisen recalled that incident where they had mistaken Morrison as someone that was stalking them. Perhaps that wasn’t a misunderstanding–perhaps they were truly being followed. Claiming that Luisen and Carlton looked too lovey-dovey to interfere…was that all an act to seem clumsy and incompetent?!

Luisen clenched his teeth at Morrison’s meticulousness. “Why did you follow us? Why did you keep us at your side, pretending to be our client?” He asked.

This time, Morrison replied, “I saw you for the first time from Mittil’s Church. There was a strong curse aura coming from you people.”

The Church! It started from there?!

“I thought for a moment a demon-worshiper was approaching. But then, he happened to pose as a fake pilgrim using a dead pilgrim’s pass. I was suspicious and suggested we travel together.”

“Curse? Demon-worshiper? I don’t know anything about that. It was wrong for me to pretend to be a pilgrim, but there was a good reason for that.”

“I’ve been observing you all this while. And I’ve come to a conclusion.” Morrison ignored the young lord’s words and continued, “As a heresy inquisitor ordained by the Church, I’ll interrogate you on suspicion of being a heretic cultist.”

“Are you really an inquisitor?” Luisen was greatly surprised. Although he had heard many stories about these inquisitors, one way or another, throughout his life, this was the first time he had ever encountered one.

The inquisitors were exactly as their name suggests: they were priests in charge of interrogating, identifying, and punishing heretics. Their identity and detailed accounts of their activities were treated as top-secret matters; even ordinary priests were ignorant of this information. However, their vicious and cruel attitude toward heretics was famous.

Regardless of their opponents’ high or low status, the inquisitors will catch them at all costs once they’ve been pinpointed as a cultist. And, they were known to torture and torture some more until their captives have confessed. In their process, any lie or murder was tolerated. They only followed one principle.

That is to say, they do anything at all costs to capture and kill their targets.

And now Luisen was misunderstood as a heretic by such a person–a worst-case scenario.

“I think you’re misunderstanding something…” Luisen tried to explain, but Morrison didn’t even listen. Once again, a blue flame burned in Morrison’s eyes. Almost simultaneously, the flames spread around the young lord and surrounded him. The room lit up from the flame’s light.

Luisen gasped; fear flared in his eyes. Bizarre torture tools–things he’d never seen or heard of before–hung on the walls. It made him think of all sorts of terrible torture methods; the young lord flinched, unconsciously conveying his desire to escape.

Thud–

The iron chair didn’t budge one inch. Sweat dripped down like rain; his entire body trembled.

‘Nngh…’

Morrison stood straight and looked down at Luisen with an incomprehensible stare. The solemn atmosphere emanating from the inquisitor overwhelmed the young lord. The situation was grave enough for Luisen to feel hopeless; the blue flames flickered, as if to devour the young lord. Luisen felt miserable–like he had become insignificant and small.

“I won’t have to use those things if you just answer the questions I ask. Now, tell me the truth. This fire will prove the veracity of your words.”

Luisen felt like a dispirited dog with its tail lowered. “I…W-What… Am I supposed to say…”

“Tell me what this is.” Morrison pulled out a small pocket knife. Luisen had picked it up in the depths of the centipede cave–a crude knife made from bone. Back then, Luisen had placed it in his robe’s pouch…when did he take that?

Morrison continued, “You had this on you. It’s a relic used by demon-worshipers.”

“That’s a relic? I can’t believe such a toy-like-thing was a relic…”

“Despite how sloppy it looks…You’d be surprised to find out how many sacrificial bodies this knife has sliced through.”

Sacrifice? Were the women captured in the centipede cave sacrifices? If so, then the altar was set up underground and the huge goat bust painted a convincing picture.

“Where and how did you get this knife?” Morrison asked.

“That….There was a centipede cave in Confosse. I picked it up there.” In order to prove his innocence, Luisen revealed everything he knew about the bizarre incident that had occured in the village near Confosse.

“An altar, huh. It sounds like something those guys would do. Morrison brooded for a moment before asking another question. “Then, the snake monster. How did you know that thing caused the chaos?”

“That’s…!” Luisen was about to answer immediately, but then hesitated for a moment. If he said he saw the answer in the future, would this person believe that? There was a famous story about a saint that made a wish to God and, as a result, returned to the past. If the young lord were to say that something that had happened to a saint had happened to him, he didn’t think that an inquisitor–a deeply religious man–would believe him.

‘If I tell him the truth, he might get even angrier, thinking that I’m trying to deceive him…What should I do?’





* * *





TL: I dunno, if I saw a 3-eyed goat altar in the depths of a centipede den with a knife on top….I would totally assume that’s an evil relic.

Like, that’s exactly the type of thing you DONT want to touch bc it might curse you, Luisen.





Chapter 81


Chapter 81



Luisen tried to come up with another excuse, but nothing came to mind. His mind went blank.

“Did you know that those people were creating new monsters? How did you come by that information?” Morrison asked, again.

That snake monster was a new man-made creation? That was certainly surprising, but Luisen couldn’t answer. Morrison walked to the wall after realizing that Luisen avoided answering.

He picked out one of the most horrible and gruesome appearing torture instruments–it was hard to fathom what it could be used for.

Bang!

He slammed it down in front of the young lord, as if to show off the tool. The young lord trembled.

“N-No… It’s not that I don’t want to say anything…”

Even if he were to speak, he didn’t think that the other would believe him. Ah, should he just reveal everything? When Luisen hesitated, Morrison stared at the young lord quietly; the inquisitor’s gaze seemed to urge the young lord to give a speedy answer. That raised the young lord’s anxiety. Struck with fear that Morrison would point the torture apparatus at him, the young lord’s mouth would no longer open.

After trembling like that for a while, one question came to mind.

‘…Why is he just sitting still and staring at me?’

Luisen recalled how Carlton had interrogated Cullen. The mercenary did not wait for an answer nor did he ask questions multiple times. When it became clear that Cullen was hiding something, the mercenary immediately dragged the handyman to the opening and dunked him into the river. The mercenary was sure his victim would open his mouth anyway, so Carlton didn’t waste any time in trying to soothe and assuage the man.

Come to think of it, when Luisen wandered around the land, those who had something to gain from the young lord started the conversation with their fists. Morrison, on the other hand, had cultivated a dreadful atmosphere, as if he were going to do something gruesome, but the inquisitor had yet to place a finger on Luisen.

‘…Now that I think about it, why is he just talking to me?’

Was it because Morrison is a priest? No–that can’t be it. Priests loathe and hate heretics and cultists. Priests on the extreme end of those beliefs would be selected as inquisitors. There was no way the man was showing mercy.

‘Still, there’s no way…that he’s being lenient because he knows me.’

Luisen couldn’t fathom what was in Morrison’s innermost thoughts. ‘There’s a limit to my brain!’ He thought. The young lord remembered two of the best people he had known in his life–the one-armed pilgrim and Calrton. What would those two have done?

Luisen tried to use his imagination. In his head, the two men’s imaginary voices shouted as one: ‘That guy’s not sure either, so he’s just flapping his mouth!’

Yes! That’s it!

Luisen felt enlightened.

If Morrison was convinced that Luisen was a demon worshiper, he would not have been waiting for Luisen to wake up and explain the young lord’s side of the story. He would have started torturing the young lord’s unconscious body, forcing him to come to his senses. The inquisitor would have shaken and overwhelmed Luisen’s senses without giving the young lord time to figure out what was happening.

Morrison waited until fear had stacked to an appropriate intensity in the young lord. He kindly informed the other that he was an Inquisitor and explained why he suspected Luisen. Similarly, Morrison’s question seemed like a tactic to obtain more information rather than to accuse the young lord of heresy.

Luisen’s head was spinning around. As if he had become the one-armed pilgrim or Carlton, the young lord could clearly see the other’s intent. “You don’t think I’m a demon-worshiper, right?”

The solemn atmosphere in the room was disrupted by that one question. Morrison, at the center of the chilling vibe, was expressionless as if he hadn’t heard the young lord, but Luisen could intuit that the man was flustered.

Now that the young lord thought this far, Luisen was no longer afraid of this situation or Morrison’s gaze. Luisen stretched his shoulders and raised his head. The young lord was in his underwear, and his face was a mess. His body had been tied up, and his appearance was unpleasant; however, that one action was enough to reveal the arrogance that had been an integral part of the young lord’s life.

“You know that I’m not a demon-worshiper, but you’re trying to get information out of me; you’re setting the tone of the situation. Correct?”

“No.”

“What do you mean, no? You’re confirming that you don’t believe me to be a heretic by answering my questions.” Luisen didn’t let up and pressed on, spurred by his momentum. “You’ve been watching me on the ship, right? No wonder–I felt like someone was staring at me. How was it? I’m not a cultist, right? But, you think I know something. However, because I hid my identity, you didn’t think I’d answer if you had asked directly. That’s why you wanted to set this mood. Inquisitors…I suppose it’s true that they’re quite cruel to heretics, but they can’t touch non-heretics, correct?”

“……”

“Why don’t you answer me?” Luisen looked Morrison in the eye. The winner of the short staring contest was the young lord.

Morrison sighed and raised his hand. His expression returned to something familiar–the kind merchant Luisen was familiar with. “Ah, you’re more perceptive than I thought.”

Luisen’s tension quickly released.

‘My prediction was correct! Thank you, Sir Carlton…One-armed Pilgrim! I’d like to dedicate this honor to both of you!”

Even though the young lord was speaking so vigorously, Luisen was actually trembling; he thought he would die from anxiety. The General’s ‘poker face in any situation’ lessons were of great help.

‘General, you must still be suffering because of me. I’ll listen carefully to you when I return.’ Luisen, recalling everyone’s faces, thanked them from the bottom of his heart.

“So, who are you?” 1 Morrison asked.

""



Luisen flicked his fingers, quite impetuously and annoyingly, “Undo these first.”

“Ah, yes.” Morrison untied Luisen’s hands and feet.

Honestly, the young lord wanted to rest now because he was exhausted, but it would be a waste of his reputation as ‘trash.’ Luisen stood up, straining his trembling legs. He slapped Morrison on the cheek without hesitation. With a loud clap, the inquisitor’s face turned away. The strong hit made Luisen’s wrist tingle.

“Would you please forgive me for my mistake with this?” The inquisitor asked.

“Forgive you? I’m going to make a formal complaint to the church. How dare you make me suffer such an insult–and you want to get away with this with a simple slap on the cheek? I’m going to visit the archbishop and tell him everything that you’ve done to me.”

“You’re someone that can meet with the archbishop? Seriously, who are you?”

“Luisen Anies. I’m the guardian of the gold fields and one of the Great Lords.”

“Ah…!” Morrison exclaimed. “You look better in person than in portraits.”

“I hear that a lot,” Luisen said apathetically before sitting back down in his chair. “I was on my way to the capital at the behest of his majesty. To think that I’d be kidnapped on my way to fulfill my sacred duty of defending the kingdom and its sovereignty. I guess the church must have many complaints about the royal family.”

“N-No. It would be troublesome for you to interpret it that way. I’m just faithful to my duty–this has nothing to do with politics. Besides, you acted quite suspiciously, right?”

“No? Not at all. Why blame me for your loss of common sense.”

Honestly, Luisen thought that even he would have misunderstood, but Luisen backed off from that line of questioning. Shamelessness was a common virtue for the nobility.

""



Morrison soon realized that he had fallen into an awkward situation. He falsely threatened an innocent man–someone who was one of the top five political powerhouses in the country at that!

Although inquisitors weren’t swayed by secular values and only followed God’s word, the church couldn’t be maintained by building atop clouds and drinking only morning dew. If they wanted to build on the kingdom’s land, they needed to live in harmony with the royalty. It was foolish to pretend to have any sort of political power. Especially now, when the current king’s life was about to end and the Great Lords’ power authority was increasing.

“What can I do for you to let this slight pass?” Morrison stood in front of Luisen. Their positions harkened back to the beginning of this conversation, but their relationship had completely reversed. Luisen now had the upper hand.

“The people who have the ability to control monsters. Tell me everything you know about them.”

“You’re talking about the demon worshippers, yes?”

So, he’s saying that Ruger and his gang are demon worshippers. They belong to a heretical religion so influential that an inquisitor was chasing them. Ruger and cultism–what an unfitting combination.

‘Well, It’s not like I know much about Ruger,.’ Luisen worriedly groaned.

“By the way, if you’re the duke. The mercenary you were with…is he perhaps Carlton? The first Prince’s hands and feet?”

“That’s correct.”

“Oh, so the rumor that was circulating on the streets about you two escaping together out of love wasn’t completely off course?”

“Can you spout nonsense in this situation? Huh?” Luisen glared coldly at Morrison.

“No, I truly mean it… In anycase, I can’t beat that man, so please save me.”

What is this nonsense he’s spewing now? Luisen opened his mouth to ask further, but the ceiling collapsed. At the same time, a big sword plunged through from above. Morrison narrowly blocked the initial attack; when the blade chipped, the inquisitor had to roll backwards. A familiar backside blocked Luisen’s view, as if he were protecting the young lord.

“Carlton!”

‘I knew you’d come looking for me!’ Luisen hugged Carlton’s waist, overjoyed to see the mercenary.

Carlton flinched and trembled. “Let go. First, I’m going to beat up that bastard…”

“My duke, please save me!” Morrison begged.

“As expected, he knows who we are. We can’t let him live…”

“I told him–it’s fine. Calm down. There’s still a lot I need to ask him.” Luisen hugged Carlton even harder. Carlton froze like a man that had been cursed. Carlton’s face looked grim, as if he were eager to break the inquisitor in two.

As he watched the young lord gently clinging to his defender, Morrison’s tongue clicked. “And you said I was speaking nonsense! Ah–I get it. By the way, are my men still alive? I should pick them up first…before their corpses are found. Please excuse me for a moment.” Morrison ran outside without looking back.

He gave long-winded excuses, but they were certainly quite useful in escaping Carlton’s wrath.

“Can we let him go like that?”

“He’ll return anyway. He must still have many questions for me.” Luisen loosened his hold when he saw Morrison was far away. Carlton turned back. Only then did the mercenary notice that Luisen was wearing only underwear. The anger that had subsided just a moment ago erupted like a volcano.

‘Morrison, I’m going to catch and kill you.’ Carlton vowed.





* * *





TL: I just had the biggest grin on my face this entire chapter. +1 to Luisen for his adorably shameless act (?).





Footnotes




Even though the English won’t let me show this nuance, Morrison has returned to his incredibly polite demeanor. He’s calling Luisen ‘Sir’ etc.





Chapter 82


Chapter 82



Carlton was perceptive and thought quickly on his feet. After seeing that Luisen was only in his underwear and looking around the room, he guessed what had happened.

The young lord would have sat in that iron chair with his hands and feet tied; Morrison would have threatened him with torture tools. That man had placed someone who was already afraid of the dark into a dark room and bared him naked like a sinner. What humiliation.

Carlton couldn’t forgive Morrison even more. The mercenary’s eyes flashed with bloodthirst.

When Luisen saw the mercenary looking around, he rushed to grab the mercenary’s hands. The young lord’s hands were so cold it broke Carlton’s heart.

‘How anxious he must have been,’ the mercenary thought. ‘Is he trying to hold onto my hand so he doesn’t stumble?’

The young lord looked so pitiful. How terrified must he have been, all alone in this room, to still continue to shiver even now.

His head, which had been focused on his anger, cooled down; Carlton placed down his sword. At this moment, reassuring Luisen took priority over Morrison. The mercenary took off his cape and wrapped it around Luisen’s shoulder. The early winter air was too cold for a naked body to endure, and the young lord’s skinny shoulders were shaking.

“Are you hurt anywhere? Did that bastard do anything to you?” Carlton asked.

“Ah, I’m fine. I’m all good. That jerk couldn’t even touch me.”

Carlton scooped up Luisen, cocooned in the cloak, and carefully examined the young lord’s body, trailing his eyes up and down. He was checking for any injuries that were caused by his late appearance. Luisen, though, was unaware of the mercenary’s feelings and squirmed.

Fortunately, it didn’t seem like the young lord was injured; and Luisen’s eyes were still lively. Carlton was worried that the young lord would be in a state of shock, but, rather, Luisen looked vigorous and excited.

Only after confirming that Luisen was healthy in both mind and body was Carlton relieved. Almost stumbling, he dragged the young lord down into an embrace. He leaned his forehead against the young lord’s shoulder and slowly breathed in and out.

It felt like he was thrown off a cloud, crashing into various things, and was barely rescued just before hitting the ground. The entire time Carlton searched for the young lord, he was afraid.

Even when he was young–even when he ran away from home and first started working as a mercenary–Carlton was smaller and weaker then but, still, he had never been frightened. That man was always confident; he didn’t know the definition of fear. He didn’t doubt his own ability and regarded the world as a stage meant to support his feet. 1

But, the entire time he searched for Luisen, Carlton was pierced with fear. A hitherto unfelt terror–something he did not feel even when dozens of blades were pointed at him–dominated his entire being. He was afraid that he would never find Luisen or that he’d arrive late and find the young lord wounded.

Carlton was overwhelmed by this feeling. He constantly doubted whether or not he could find the young lord in time or if he was heading the correct way. His mind was full of terrible imagined delusions, and his heart was full of despair.

Luisen also cautiously hugged Carlton’s shoulders. When the mercenary felt long, white arms hugging him, he finally felt that his charge was returned to him, safe.

Carlton closed his eyes and felt the young lord’s body heat. Every time he breathed in, he breathed in Luisen’s scent, which he had not yet become accustomed to. These sensations all worked together to give the mercenary some peace of mind; the fear that had dominated him earlier quickly dissipated like summer rain showers.

‘So weird.’

This lack of confidence was so unlike him. He felt like another person–a stranger. At a loss, Carlton simply hugged Luisen even tighter.

“I’m so, so relieved that you’re safe.” If something had happened to Luisen, Carlton wouldn’t be able to forgive himself for the rest of his life. Briefly losing the man had made him realize…what it meant for Luisen to not be by his side.

Now that he could think rationally, Carlton realized that Morrison may not have intended to hurt Luisen in the first place. However, that didn’t lighten the mercenary’s heart. Morrison and his men were no match for him, even if they rushed at him all at once. They weren’t caught in a meticulous scheme, nor were they overwhelmed by an immense, formidable force. He was simply caught off guard.

Even if the young lord was disappointed in Carlton’s lack of attention in this instance, there was nothing to be done. After all, Carlton also couldn’t stand being so pathetic. However, he didn’t want to see Luisen’s disappointed expression, so the mercenary hugged him tighter. He could only bow his head as he nuzzled up to Luisen, someone much smaller and thinner than him. A low sigh, filled with shame, escaped him. “From now on, I’ll never leave you alone. Never.”

A sense of deep remorse could be felt within Carlton’s suppressed voice. The man’s uncharacteristically dispirited appearance inwardly baffled Luisen. What a sullen, melancholy voice. The young lord felt sorry for the usually confident man, but what could he say? The mercenary was berating himself over a supposed mistake. That’s how much the mercenary worried and suffered for him.

Luisen opened his mouth, thinking he should soothe the man, “At first I was a bit scared. So I answered the inquisitor’s every question. In the midst of all that, I thought of you.”

“You thought of me?”

“Yes. Things like, ‘What you would have done in my position?.'”

“…My methods would be difficult for my duke to emulate, though.” Carlton would smash everything, pummel Morrison’s head, and then escape.

Luisen burst into laughter at Carlton’s words, “No, not that. I meant your quick wit. You’re the cleverest man I’ve ever met, so I tried to see the situation from your perspective.”

“Ah…”

“Thanks to that, I saw through Morrison’s bluff. Your voice echoed in my head; I’ve learned a lot from you during our time together.” Of course, Luisen thought of the one-armed pilgrim as well, but he was mum on that subject since he thought Carlton would be jealous.

“Your words bore into my brain more than I thought. I was alone, but it didn’t feel like I was alone.” On second thought, the fact that the mercenary’s voice could be heard inside his brain was so funny that Luisen chuckled.

At some point during this conversation, Carlton raised his head and looked into the young lord’s face. ‘I helped you? You thought of me in that kind of situation?’

What an unexpected response. Carlton had never had anyone rely on him this much. The mercenary’s heart was so touched. How could Luisen so easily turn Carlton’s heart upside down? As the mercenary looked at Luisen smiling at ease, the mercenary felt emotional.

Carlton kissed Luisen impulsively. How did this man always impress him in such unexpected ways? Luisen was always a surprising person, and that made him absolutely lovable.

Luisen opened his eyes wide, blinked a few times, before sinking into other man’s hold. The young lord’s round eyes and long lashes made Carlton even more excited. As Carlton kissed deeper, Luisen furrowed his brows–perhaps the mercenary was being too much. Still, the young lord’s cheeks were flushed, flaming red.

Carlton kept note of all those subtle changes–each flush or flutter did not escape his observant eyes. There was nothing to him that didn’t seem pretty. The young lord’s hastily chopped blonde hair, his soft cheeks, his eyes that looked highly privileged–as if they have never experienced hardships–and yet also seemed deeply reflective… Everything.

How strange. The mercenary didn’t like the young lord’s face at first. Everything about Luisen agitated Carlton’s inferiority complex…but now, the mercenary was pleased by the young lord’s features.

‘I like it. I like him.’ Carlton thought, almost subconsciously. The more he thought about it, the more his heart felt overwhelmed. The more he deepened his kiss. The mercenary had an urge to delve further–to consume the other’s insides–and to become one. Carlton’s hands stroked up and down Luisen’s body.

“W-Wait!” embarrassed, Luisen pushed at Carlton’s shoulder. “We don’t know when Morrison will return; it wouldn’t be ideal to go any further than this.”

“I don’t care if a punk like that comes.” Carlton was about to lean to the young lord’s lips again, but Luisen desperately blocked him.

“I don’t want to do this next to these torture devices.”

“Ah.” Carlton withdrew, sadly.

“Still, it’s cold, so don’t go too far from me.” Luisen slipped his arm into the crook of the mercenary’s elbow.

‘How cute,’ Carlton thought. The young lord seemed embarrassed to cling to him even though he took the initiative; the young lord’s eyes looked everywhere except at him. ‘I like this as well.’

Like?

‘Come to think of it, what did I just think a little while ago?’ Carlton just realized. Since just a while ago, he’s been constantly thinking how much he likes the young lord–how much he utterly adores Luisen.

""



Only then did he realize he was acting foolishly, quite unlike himself. The fact that he considered Luisen the single most important person in the world–his hatred for the one-armed pilgrim or Morrison. His emotions vacillated between two extremes.

That is to say…he had fallen in love with Luisen. This was a first for the mercenary.

He had always said that those that fall in love turn into idiots…He supposed he was the idiot now!

The sudden realization threw Carlton’s mind into chaos.



***



Luisen and Carlton exited the torture chamber, which was located in a seemingly ordinary cabin. The cabin’s ceiling looked dangerously on the verge of collapse. Waiting for the inquisitor to return, the two settled down on a fallen tree a short distance away.

Luisen told Carlton what had happened with Morrison. Throughout his entire tirade, the mercenary stared at the young lord passionately.

“What is it? Are you curious about something?” Luisen cut himself off and turned to his companion. Carlton avoided the young lord’s prying eyes, as if the mercenary hadn’t been staring in the first place.

‘Why is he suddenly acting that way?’ Luisen thought.

It felt like the other had changed his behavior after their passionate kiss. The mercenary didn’t even want to make eye contact with him. Despite that, the mercenary persistently followed him and clung to his side.

Luisen tried seriously to consider what was wrong with Carlton–trying to see from the mercenary’s point of view. However, he couldn’t quite gauge if this had all been pure coincidence or if the young lord was simply unversed in Carlton-ology.





* * *





TL: Lol, Luisen, your Carlton-ology gets a C- from me. Study more~





Footnotes




Or, to be idiomatic, the world was his oyster!





Chapter 83


Chapter 83



‘Well, it’s not the first time Carlton has acted strangely.’ Luisen neatly gave up on contemplating the issue further and continued to talk about Morrison.

“You said he was an inquisitor? They really exist?” The mercenary asked.

“…I was utterly surprised as well. I’ve heard of them, but I never thought I’d meet one in my lifetime…”

“I’ve heard rumors that they’re complete lunatics…” Carlton had heard of these heretic-chasing inquisitors; they were legends. Once again, his heart sank. If, at least, a bandit were to kidnap the young lord, then Luisen would have money or status to leverage against them. In this situation, Luisen was as defenseless as an infant; neither money nor power would work on the church.

“I apologize–if I had been more careful, this wouldn’t have happened,” Carlton said.

It wasn’t just Carlton’s fault. In fact, Luisen was well aware that he had behaved recklessly around Morrison, swayed by his previous good memories of the man.

‘However, who could have imagined that the kind merchant who helped me was an inquisitor for heretics?’

Inquisitors weren’t all that common. Luisen, while living as a noble in the kingdom’s capital, met various priests, but inquisitors were beings that only lived in stories. Ordinary folk would not even know they existed.

“Besides, you’re quite tired, right? No matter how keen you may be, it would be hard to uncover an inquisitor,” Luisen said.

In the first place, inquisitors wouldn’t reveal themselves like this. They would go deep into the shadows to catch the heretics that often moved in secret–in the background. Anyway, this organization had operated for hundreds of years, and its members studied how to disguise their identity and deceive others. There was nothing they could do. “In any case, this is a chance to know more about Ruger’s gang. Let’s shake Morrison for all his information.”

“Of course, we should,” Carlton replied, resolutely. Simultaneously, he did his best to not make eye contact with the young lord.

Not realizing that Carlton would fall into chaos after being made aware of his sudden first love, Luisen was eager for this awkwardness to be resolved before Morrison’s return. He just knew what sort of comments the inquisitor would make while observing their atmosphere.

As they waited docilely, Morrison and his men came to the cabin. All of Morrison’s men sported injuries, but none of them were life-threatening. Because finding Luisen was his top priority, it seemed as if the mercenary showed some mercy in his subjugation and consequential interrogation of the men.

“When all this is over, I believe we’ll have to concentrate on resting and recovering for a while. You’ve wounded us deeply.” Morrison said, meaningfully.

“You should be grateful to be alive,” Carlton replied, without backing down–he spoke bluntly as per usual.

Luisen was relieved. He was worried that the mercenary would remain dazed and absentminded, but, when Morrison returned, the mercenary returned to his usual overwhelming, intimidating form, placing plenty of pressure on the inquisitor and his men.

Sitting down, Luisen could now comfortably hear Morrison’s explanation.



***



Morrison, The Inquisitor.

That man was chasing the trail of a demon worshiper who was recently rising in influence.

While the South was still wrapped up in a power struggle–when the political atmosphere was still dubious, he came to the region disguised as a merchant. However, the more he chased, the more the trail became cold. Later, he was left confused as to where he should go.

While contemplating his next move, he came to Mittil to obtain more information and to report to his superiors. That was when he found Luisen.

A false pilgrim exuding an unclean aura.

“How did you know I was a fake?” Luisen asked.

“Each pilgrim’s pass has slightly different designs. All inquisitors have those memorized.”

Luisen examined the pass Morrison returned to him. ‘Looking at his…what is he…supposed to memorize…?’

‘I can’t tell, even as I look at it. Truly, he is an elite priest in the church.’ Luisen neatly gave up trying.

“I was going to arrest you on the spot, but I changed my mind and decided to observe instead. It seemed like you two were traveling with a purpose.” Morrison wondered if the two were going to meet some colleagues or return to their base. He followed Luisen, judging that he could find out more information if he stayed by the young lord’s side. As he observed them, he found out that Luisen and Carlton needed a fast boat; the inquisitor was able to use that desire to lure the two into his party.

“I was scrutinizing you carefully from the side, and, at that moment, the ghoul appeared. Those things don’t occur after normal deaths. Black magic or curses…those that die from those heretical powers become ghouls.” It was only then that the inquisitor realized Cullen had been enticed by a demon worshiper. Because the relic Luisen held was drenched in an evil aura–the evil power was so strong, the inquisitor noticed the relatively weak snake monster a step too late.

Morrison looked hatefully at the demon worshiper’s dagger In Luisen’s point of view, the knife simply looked crude, but the young lord supposed the inquisitor saw the world with different eyes.

However, Cullen was merely a small fry. If the handyman had more time, he may have become one of the demon worshipers; that had yet to happen, though. Rather than to alert Luisen of his identity as an inquisitor by trying to arrest Cullen, Morisson decided it would be better to feign ignorance and observe the young lord’s actions.

After that long night–the night where the circumstances relating to the snake monster were revealed–Morrison constantly observed the young lord and mercenary, who rarely came out of their room.

“Y-You watched everything?” Luisen asked, flustered.

“Yes, everything.” Morrison looked meaningfully at Luisen. His gaze seemed to say, ‘Are you really going to say I’m delusional about your relationship at this point? No, right?’

‘Honestly, just because we kissed we’re not lovers…nor are we in love…’ Luisen’s face flushed from embarrassment. “This is an invasion of privacy, you know.”

“It was my job. My misunderstanding was completely cleared up. Rather than being demon worshipers, I found out you were hostile to them.”

“Then, you kidnapped me to learn the information you lacked?”

“I said I’m sorry, didn’t I? We were desperate as well. Those people are evil.”

Luisen fixed his posture and began to listen to Morrison in earnest.

The inquisitor continued, “Devil worshipers. Literally, that refers to people who worship demons…the Devil. Alternatively, you could refer to them as Black Wizards.”

Devil or demon worshiping was a heretic religion with as much history as the current reigning church. The methods of worship varied slightly from time to time, but this faction seemed to use magic.

They were people who had striven to find the meaning of truth in this world through magical research and, at some point, turned to demon worshiping. They believed that the Devil was a prophet who would destroy the false world and lead them to the truth. All of those followers followed the devil…and they believed that they had gained special powers by worshiping the devil.

“For example, controlling monsters or casting curses. We call that black magic.”

“And, there isn’t really a devil?”

“How could something like that exist in this world?” Morrison snorted. His tone conveyed the convictions of a man who had deep faith in and was devoted to God. “In anycase, these demon worshippers use unusual magic. The problem, though, is their delusions: they believe that the more they please the Devil in hell, the more power they’ll gain. That’s why they’re doing these sorts of crazy things…to please the devil. They make altars and present all sorts of offerings.”

The more terrible their schemes–the more frightened and confused they made their audience–the more effective their offerings would be. Or so they claimed.

“The results of their misdoings are quite visible and conspicuous, so their religion has persisted quite tenaciously. Their modus operandi is quite gruesome and dark as well. They do all sorts of evil deeds resulting in enormous damage, but, since they’re not interested in recruiting others to their cause, it’s hard to catch onto their trail.”

After hearing Morrison’s explanation, Luisen was lost in thought momentarily. “So… the reason these people are doing such strange deeds are… because they want to drop the world into chaos?”

‘Are you saying that such crazy, mentally deranged people that can usually only be seen in third-rate power fantasy novels actually exist in this world? In my timeline?’ Luisen could hardly believe in their existence.

The amusing banter he exchanged with Carlton was the truth! Dear lord, the world is doomed.

Luisen looked at the mercenary, who was furrowing his brows. It seemed like his companion was feeling the same way.

“Honestly, but who in the world does that these days…”

“This is the kind of world we live in. The civil war made a mess, didn’t it?”

“This is a little hard to believe. I keep thinking that, even though you’re the inquisitor, that you’re joking with me.”

“Do you really think I’d joke about these heathens?” Morrison’s gravely serious face was a little frightening.

Luisen stealthily made his way to Carlton’s side. The mercenary took the young lord’s hand and stepped forward, as if to hide the other behind him. Only then did Luisen’s flinching heart calm down. Morrison threw them a meaningful smile, but the two could easily ignore that look.

“Now then, I think I’d like to hear from the Duke.” Morrison said.

At those words, Luisen made eye contact with the mercenary. Carlton nodded slightly. At that signal, the young lord also began to talk about what he had been through.

Starting with the attack, the village that had been wiped from existence by monsters, the altar underneath the giant centipede burrow, etc. The young lord spoke for a long while, but Morrison listened to the whole story carefully without ever losing concentration.

“How did you… How could you get tangled up so often with that slippery group?” Morrison exclaimed, startled. That man hadn’t run into Ruger’s gang even once, despite the fact that he had been chasing after them. He couldn’t help but wonder if the heavens were playing a prank by tying Luisen and the demon worshiper’s fates together.

‘Before regression… ghouls appeared here and there–everywhere.’ Luisen had thought ghouls were simply popular in the northern regions, but they may, in fact, be a sign of the demon-worshiper’s increased influence. Furthermore, the reason why no bodies were left in the makeshift bandit’s village may be that those that were attacked by monsters all became ghouls. The corpses themselves may have walked away.

The future was far bleaker than Luisen had realized. The young lord inadvertently thought back to the one-armed pilgrim. The pilgrim had solved many strange cases even after the snake monster incident. Did he know about the existence of the demon worshipers? Somehow, the young lord thought the other would have known.

This conversation with Morrison was truly useful. It filled the gap between Luisen’s memory and the inquisitor’s information, making the young lord look back on future events that he had simply passed by in his ignorance.





* * *





PR: Morrison is like that over-sharing aunt at a family gathering who wants to announce loudly that the teenager’s new love interest, whom they’ve brought to meet the family for the first time, is soooooo cute and they’re such a cuuuuuteeee couple, and everyone wants to hide under the sofa from the awkwardness.





Chapter 84


Chapter 84



‘That was all their doing.’

No wonder everything went to hell so fast. Both he and the Kingdom.

Before his regression, Luisen lived a miserable nomadic life, wandering around the kingdom. He had lost everything and simply lived life, unable to kill himself…However, Luisen wasn’t the only one. Tragedy had befallen everyone–all were equal–in the kingdom. Faith and trust, which were mainstays in civilized society, became a luxury; human dignity had fallen to the ground. People were sold for small sacks barely filled with flour.

After watching that chaos firsthand, the young lord could never forgive them.

Luisen clenched his fist inadvertently; even without that extra force, his pale hands became even whiter. Carlton forgot his own embarrassment and looked at the young lord, worried.

“What will you two do now? We’re thinking about looking around the South one more time, looking for clues that we may have missed. If you’d like, let’s travel together. I’ll escort you safely back to the duchy,” Morrison said.

“No. I’ll travel to the royal palace as scheduled.”

“The journey will be tougher than it is now. That region has become dangerous in the aftermath of the civil war.”

Luisen, though, was resolute. “I’ll go to the royal palace and meet the prince. I’ll regain my property and army and exercise my legitimate right as a lord.”

That alone should solidify his position as one of the Great Lords and Duke. Luisen was keenly aware that his nobility and birth status was one of his greatest strengths.

The demon worshippers; the people behind Ruger. They were obviously aiming for the young lord and were hoping for his downfall.

That was why Luisen thought he should strive to consolidate his power even more. He still had no idea what their goals were, and how his downfall played into their motivations, but he was sure that his return to power was the most efficient way to interfere with their plans.

“If you’re so determined…then alright. I’ll follow the Duke as well,” Morrison offered.

“You will? Why?”

“Nothing is coincidence in this world. I don’t think it’s happenstance that the Duke, while disguised as a pilgrim, keeps on getting involved with those men. If I follow the Duke, I’m sure to face their main operative body.”

“Mmm….”

“You’ll continue to pose as a pilgrim, correct? I’ll be of help in that regard.”

That made sense. In addition to restoring his secret identity, Morrison could add more power to their party. Besides, the man could sense plots that they might have unknowingly dismissed.

‘What should I do?’ Luisen looked at Carlton. The mercenary glared, conveying his dire loathing, at the inquisitor.

‘Is he against it?’ the young lord thought.

No matter how much help the inquisitor may be, the young lord didn’t want to force the issue if Carlton was against it.

As Luisen tried to refuse, Carlton spoke first. “Fine.”

“Huh? You’re not against it?” asked Morrison.

“I don’t like you,” Carleton replied. “I don’t particularly want anyone else to squeeze in between me and the Duke either. However, if you’re on the church’s side, I’ll be able to escort the Duke to the capital more safely.”

That is to say, the mercenary wasn’t going to be stubborn. In that one instance, Luisen could feel in the mercenary’s words his exclusive desire for the young lord and a caring heart. The young lord flushed.

Isn’t it against the rules to advance on his heart so suddenly like that? Carlton shook Luisen’s heart so mercilessly. The young lord had the urge to drag the mercenary into his arms and scold him for saying something so praise-worthy, but Morrison and his men would bear witness to that. So, the young lord had to endure. Suddenly, he wanted to refuse the inquisitor’s request.

Morrison was quick to notice those feelings. “Ahem. Then, I’ll see my men off, take care of some business, and then I’ll follow you. I have to contact the church; you two should go on ahead.”

Then, he quickly led his men away. Although it was a little embarrassing to see the inquisitor clear out so purposefully, Luisen was fine. He was originally quite thick-skinned anyway.

He sighed heavily and leaned against Carlton. He thought the mercenary would avoid his touch since the other was acting weird until just recently. However, Carlton received his touch with his chest, cushioning the young lord.

“Ha, my life has somehow become entangled with such crazy people.” The young lord lamented.

Carlton gently patted Luisen’s hair to console him. Luisen lifted his head once his upset stomach was soothed in the mercenary’s embrace. The other was looking back at him anxiously.

“Are you worried?” Carlton asked.

“No.”

Apart from being furious at the demon worshippers, he wasn’t too worried. Carlton would destroy even the devil if he were to ascend to this realm. The answer tumbled out of the young lord’s mouth easily because he had unshakeable faith in the mercenary. “It would be more refreshing to know what they’re doing. The unknown is scary, but, now that we have more knowledge, there’s nothing to be afraid of, right?”

When Luisen referenced Carlton’s previous words, the mercenary’s eyes widened before curving into an eye smile. He laughed–a delightful sound that suited his young age.

Luisen’s heart was excited. Soon enough, a low, pleased rumble resonated in the mercenary’s chest–a sound that seemed to echo throughout the woods. For some reason, Luisen felt inflamed; he became more and more conscious of the firm arms holding him.

‘We’re outside, but… We’re in the forest. And there’s no people around…’

Indoors or outdoors, as he had already made a name for himself as trash in the capital anyway, Luisen gave into temptation and hugged at the mercenary’s neck. “No, on second thought, I think I’m very worried. I want someone to comfort me.”

Carlton smiled and bit the young lord’s lip lightly. After the two smacked lips a few times, Luisen opened his mouth; the kiss deepened. Carlton came at Luisen as if to devour the young lord; the young lord’s body was gradually pushed back until he hit a tree.

There was a resulting thudding sound, but neither Luisen nor Carlton paid it any mind. All their attention was directed at each other. Luisen touched Carlton’s back and taut arms to his heart’s content. Carlton’s hands moved without hesitation; the mercenary rushed to place his hands impatiently under the young lord’s loose tunic. Luisen trembled slightly as the other’s cold hands touched his sensitive sides.

“Mmmnn.”

Shallow breaths and quiet moans spread throughout the tranquil forest. As soon as the young lord thought it was a little embarrassing, he heard an unfamiliar sound mixed into the equation.

Carlton reacted first. The mercenary turned his head and looked towards where he heard the sound. Beyond the forest, three or four wild boars with yellow eyes were staring at them. A group of gigantic, horned, bloodthirsty monsters.

At least if those things were other people, the unexpected audience could feign ignorance and continue onwards. Unfortunately, it was futile to expect such consideration from monsters. The group was ready to bounce, growling and exhaling steam.

“Why at a time like this…?” Carlton gritted his teeth. Luisen agreed with the sentiment a hundred times over. It really does seem like the monster population was on the rise; no matter how remote this cabin may be, a monster still appeared in an area inhabited by humans while also taking the security situation into account. But what could they do? The monsters had no intent of backing down.

“Please stay back,” The mercenary murmured.

“…Alright.” Luisen backed away.

""



Carlton brandished his incredible strength and finished off the monsters in record time. However, the lifeless appearance of the monsters did not revive the cooled embers. The two had to leave quickly; the other monsters that smelled blood may come…



***



That night: In the forest at the foot of a hill in the outskirts of Mittil.

Three men in dark red robes gathered. Between them, a human sacrifice who had their hands and feet tied, was plopped onto the ground.

The men chanted strange spells and sang out loud. This all sounded similar to holy worship in church, but, at the center of their worshiping, was a bust of a goat with four horns and three eyes.

Ohhhhhhhh~

Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh~

A man raised his dagger high.

Before the sacrifice could scream, his body was brutally massacred, chunks of flesh splaying out; hot steam wafted up into the cold night air.

One of the men observing the ceremony slipped away. When he reached the river, he haphazardly threw off his dark-red robe. The moonlight landed softly on the dark-red armor hidden under his clothes. Red hair fluttered in the riverside wind.

Ruger looked at the distant lights. Anxiety flooded him as he imagined how Luisen was on board of one of those boats that were moving east along the river.

Ruger departed the duchy a few days ago, predicting that the young lord would come by Confosse. When he arrived at the city, rumors of a hero who had repelled the evil, giant centipede and rescued the abducted women were hot on the streets.

""



A pilgrim that had covered his face but exuded an aristocratic aura; a ridiculously strong mercenary. When Ruger heard about that group, he couldn’t help but think of Luisen and Carlton.

But that couldn’t be them.

Ruger knew Luisen didn’t have the talent to imitate a pilgrim. The young lord had not undergone the basic theology education that all aristocrats should have received; he didn’t even remember simple prayers when he attended church every New Year.

If he were to pose as a pilgrim, he’d be asked to lead a prayer and, sometimes, would be asked theological questions. How could Luisen overcome all of that? Although the young lord had changed significantly in the recent year, it was impossible to gain such advanced knowledge in a short period of time. So, Ruger dismissed the possibility that Luisen had disguised himself as a pilgrim.

However, he had just received information confirming that Luisen had gone past Confosse. While searching everywhere for the lord in the city, Ruger had found a man selling blonde hair. Though the young lord wasn’t the only blonde in the world, Ruger had recognized it straight away.

Ruger stroked the bundle of hair carefully, as if he were combing through the young lord’s hair. It felt soft to the touch; Ruger was momentarily lost in thought.

Luisen was someone that was born with an outstanding appearance–the best in the world–but the man was indifferent to his own appearance. Ruger was the one to coax the young lord into growing his hair when the young lord wanted to cut it all off. The young lord couldn’t be bothered to deal with long hair. Ruger had carefully brushed each golden strange, every day over the past few years; he couldn’t possibly mistake the strands’ origin.

Ruger carefully placed the hair in a pouch and then, so as to not lose it, placed the pouch carefully in his embrace.

He could find Luisen with this.





* * *





TL: Not gonna lie, trying to figure out how to translate “ritualistic moaning chant sounds” was too difficult. “Ohhhhhhhh” sounded so dumb…but that’s all I had ya’ll…





Chapter 85


Chapter 85



Ruger found his closest companion; that man called himself the ninth worshiper.

The ninth worshiper was in Mittil. When Ruger asked why the man, who was supposed to be stationed in a village near Confosse, went to the aforementioned city, the worshiper said that he was chasing a pilgrim who had ruined his carefully crafted ritual. Perhaps that pilgrim was the protagonist in the rumors that had Confosse in a huge stir. Feeling that the two were strangely intertwined, Ruger had traveled all the way to Mittil.

The ninth admirer was just about to cross the river when Ruger arrived. He stated that the pilgrim he was chasing had escaped by boat just last night.

Ruger coaxed that man and asked him to find Luisen using the hair that the attendant had gathered. He had even brought the sacrificial materials the man had demanded: a young, weak, and desperate living person.

Though, by now, that person would have served his purpose and was no longer a living sacrifice.

“Leaving in the middle of a rite? How arrogant.”

The ninth worshiper and the eleventh worshiper followed him. The eleventh worshiper was a man that ran with Direwolves and exterminated the village of refugees hiding in the forest. That man moved according to his devotional duties rather than being led by his own interests.

Blood and dirt were splattered all over the two men’s robes and bodies. What they had done was clear. Their faces were filled with joy, and their hands trembled with excitement.

“The way you guys go about it is disgusting–you should at least make it pleasant if you want others to watch,” Ruger said sarcastically.

“You’re the one who brought the sacrifice and asked for our help. Why act all noble now? Did you, of all people, dream of becoming a knight?”

The worshipers were sarcastic right back as if they had heard something incredibly ridiculous. Ruger’s expression immediately distorted. It was true–he had once aspired to become a knight. That dream was an indelible wound; the attendant would not suffer anyone poking that scar. “If it weren’t for my father, I wouldn’t be rubbing shoulders with you people.”

“You don’t even have a father. Your mother didn’t have a husband, after all. Or, was it something like this–a virgin had a baby so she was pregnant with the devil’s child? Then, I suppose we’re the ones that have to take care of and rear you!” The worshipers giggled at Ruger.

Ruger clenched his fists. He would strangle them if he could, but that wasn’t possible.

After a good laugh, the two patted Ruger on the shoulder, “We’re just joking. Of course we know who your father is. He’s our only patron after all. That’s why we’re helping you.”

“Now, I’ll tell you where the duke is headed.” The ninth worshiper’s eyes turned red. The blood on his body quickly transformed into black smoke, climbed up his body, and wrapped around his arms. The wisps turned into a finger pointed towards the river before stretching away into the distance. “So he’s on that river. It just so happens that he’s on the same boat with the pilgrim that I’ve been looking for.”

Ruger recalled his map; Luisen’s movements were quickly drawn with his mind’s eye. ‘I’ll catch up with you in no time.’

Though the distance between them was wide, the attendant thought he could catch up quickly with the worshiper’s power. ‘No, rather, I’ll go ahead a little.’

Carlton wasn’t a pushover; he wasn’t an easy target to pursue or to defeat. Rather, it would be better to set a trap in Luisen and Carlton’s path, separate the two, then devour them both all at once. Taking advantage of a beneficial position and a surprise attack would allow the attendant to perfectly capture the young lord.

“Let’s go together. I think the pilgrim I was searching for is in that direction as well. I must take revenge for the deaths of my carefully reared children,” the ninth worshiper said.

His children were the pair of giant centipedes that turned Confosse upside down. Actually, Ruger was the one who rescued the baby centipedes and gave them to him. At that time, those centipedes were definitely ordinary; the attendant couldn’t figure out how the worshiper raised them into such huge monsters.

Ruger was working with them, but he only really followed orders. He didn’t really know everything about their cause and methods…taming and creating monsters… all that. He only knew that they used strange powers.

The night worshiper chanted a spell and out popped a monster he had prepared in advance. The monster–a giant eel–meandered through the water before coming back with a small boat in its mouth.

‘Did he personally make this one too?’ Ruger quietly observed the eel.

""



“Shall I make you one too?” the eleventh worshiper said. The worshippers giggled once more when the attendant ignored them. “You have a gift.”



Ruger ignored those words and returned to the ritual site. Bloodstains remained intact on the ground, but the bones had somehow disappeared. He tamped down his disgust as he picked up the golden locks of Luisen’s hair, which had been placed underneath the goat bust.

Strands of hair drenched with the blood of an innocent victim.

It had served its purpose, but the attendant didn’t want to leave it like this. Ruger diligently wiped away the blood with a handkerchief.

‘I took so much care to grow this out.’

Ruger remembered how, one morning, his ward rolled around hungover in his pajamas. He oiled the young lord’s hair and brushed it carefully. Those were happier times.

What would have happened if he weren’t a spy? Perhaps he might still be touching Luisen’s hair. At the very least, he wouldn’t be forcing his young lord to cut his hair to sell it for travel expenses. Carlton, that bastard, was too incompetent.

‘If it were me, I would never have let that happen.’ He was confident he could protect Luisen–keep the young lord safe–better than anyone else. However, these were all futile fantasies. Ruger was a spy from the very beginning; his real master was someone else.

It was only at the command of his real owner that he became Luisen’s servant. Somehow, he had gotten attached, so the attendant often imagined what it would have been like to be the young duke’s knight. But, in the end, it was all meaningless.

No matter how his heart may be swayed towards Luisen, he had to obey his master’s orders. Like a knight loyally serving his lord. Although he did not officially become certified as a knight, the knightly teachings and code were always within Ruger’s mind.

As he was commanded, he would take the Duke of Anies.

He only followed Luisen based on his commands–nothing more, nothing less.

Despite repeating those vows, Ruger still cherished that blood-soaked hair contained in his pocket. Looking back, the attendant saw the two worshipers giggling back at him.

***

The Anies duchy at a similar time:

Despite the lord’s unprecedented disappearance, the people at the duchy weren’t frustrated nor desperate. They had prepared for the winter in advance and had been working through the backlog of work to solidify the duchy.

There was a shortage of manpower and capital, but no one complained. During the past month’s crisis, Luisen held out for the duchy, so the denizens garnered strength as they recalled the young lord’s strong visage.

At the heart of this endeavor was the general. At times like this, he maintained his role as a steady anchor without wavering; he believed he could only help Luisen by returning the duchy to its former strength. However, today’s news was a little too much for him.

The general pressed hard at his two eyes. In his hand was a reply to a letter he sent to the king.

A considerable number of personnel had been relocated from the duchy to support the second prince; those men were still unable to return after they had been taken prisoner. As a result, even though Luisen had disappeared, he couldn’t properly arrange a search party. So, the duchy informed the king of Luisen’s disappearance and requested for the return of some of those prisoners.

He received a rejection. To summarize the king’s response–the letter was nearly two pages long–returning the prisoners was impossible unless Luisen himself pledges and proves his loyalty to the king and requests their return. In other words, the king was dissuading the duchy from even searching for the young duke.



‘How could this be?! Does his Highness mean to say that he cares not what happens to the Duke now…?!’

Despite the fact that Luisen sided with the second prince, he was still one of the few Great Lords. If he wasn’t planning on abandoning the South, the king couldn’t treat Luisen like this. The general pressed down on his throbbing eyes when someone else came into his office. Judging by the rough and heavy footsteps, it must be one of Carlton’s subordinates and not one of the duchy’s vassals.

Because the general didn’t believe Ruger’s words from the beginning, when he caught Carlton’s men, he treated them politely and asked them for further details.

After meeting the first prince’s messenger, Carlton went ahead to pick up Luisen; the mercenary’s men followed. They had informed him of the monster’s attack, the ensuing fierce battle, and that they had found traces of someone trying to purposefully drag Luisen away.

The general learned that Carlton was travelling with Luisen–both people were safe and on the way to the capital. The men had even told him that Ruger had lied.

As soon as the general heard everything, he released Carlton’s men and tried to capture Ruger. Though they had failed to capture the attendant, the men remained in the duke’s castle and lent the people their strength. Because Carlton was with Luisen, the duchy’s retainers and the men were naturally in the same boat.

The duchy even helped to bring together Carlton’s scattered soldiers; the men were filling in for the duchy’s scarcity. Now, there was nothing more pleasant than their visit.

“We have news from the royal city.”

The general’s eyes opened wide at those words. The first thing that he did with the duchy’s power was to contact an informant that Carlton had planted within the royal castle. It seems that their efforts produced results faster than expected.

“What did they say? What are the capital’s noble’s reactions to the Duke’s disappearance?”

“It’s nothing very good. Apparently, there’s this rumor going around.”

“What is it?”

“That the Southern Great Lord will be replaced.”

“What?!” the general roared. Honestly–the Duke of Anies is still alive and well. What are these ridiculous rumors circulating in the capital? “What about his Highness? Is he really letting such an insolent rumor stand?”

“That’s… It’s very rare for the King to hold back his thoughts. It seems the first prince is taking care of all the state affairs…and is sitting on the sidelines on the matter of the rumor… But, it’s clear that he thinks negatively of the Duke of Anies.”

""



“That can’t be.” The general stumbled to his knees. “No way… Had the first prince staged the kidnapping…”

“I don’t believe so. He wouldn’t have told our captain to escort the Duke if that were the case.” Carlton’s men actively denied that train of thought, but inwardly they were similarly anxious. Strange happenings were occurring. If the first prince was really behind Luisen’s disappearance, what will happen to Carlton? And what about themselves?

In trying to deny the first prince’s involvement, they continued to comfort the general. “At the very least, the Duke should be safe. Our captain is with him. They’ll make it to the capital safely.”

“…That’s right. Of course. The Duke is so ignorant of worldly matters; I’m just glad Sir Carlton is with him.”

At the very least, the young lord wouldn’t be murdered by thieves or starve to death.

The fact that the mercenary was with the young lord brought him relief. The general smiled bitterly as he recalled how he had tried his hardest to separate the two.

That wasn’t all. Carlton’s men were of great help to the understaffed duchy. How ironic that the enemy that oppressed them–that which they considered the most dangerous–was now their most reliable ally.

The general rubbed his face clean with his hands and steeled his heart. Though he ached as he thought of Luisen, his charge, suffering from far away…but the general must get a hold of himself. Now, more than anytime else.

‘I’m not sure what the prince is thinking, but… I can’t just wash my hands of this crisis and surrender. I must make provisions.’

If the first prince was truly behind this, then Luisen wouldn’t be able to relax even after he entered the capital. Carlton wouldn’t be of much help there either. But that didn’t mean there was no solution. The general was worried but worked laboriously.

There would be people who would protest if the prince tried to change the Southern Great Lord willfully. To be exact, the other three Great Lords. It was difficult to say that they had good relations with Luisen or the duchy in general, but they wouldn’t want to lose their own authority if the prince set a precedent by transferring a Great Lord’s power to another family. The enemy of an enemy is one’s friend.

The general hastily penned a letter to the other great lords. He deliberately provoked them by distorting the story–that the royal family was violating their authority. The letters could be delivered quickly with the help of Carlton’s men.

After finishing his business, the general looked out the window at the blue sky. He remembered a young Luisen who had often caught colds in the chilly air. That same Luisen who he’d embraced after he came tearfully up to the general with a runny nose would now have grown up to adventure all by himself under that same sky.



The general prayed earnestly that this young man whom he had raised–the young man who was now beginning to soar despite the hardships facing him–would not be crushed.





* * *





TL: Honestly, the general makes my heart wobble. Such a dad!!!!





Chapter 86


Chapter 86



Part 8: The villains are always after us.



The day after departing, Morrison chased Luisen and Carlton and forcibly joined their party.

According to Morrison, the church will send another inquisitor to the South to launch a full-fledged investigation; as soon as they find any new information, they promised to send that information to Luisen through Morrison. He promised that the church would protect the young lord, as long as he continued to be targeted by the demon worshippers. That was good news for the young lord. To be frank, he felt somewhat depressed about his next moves after they entered the royal castle.

The newly formed group, now accompanied by the inquisitor, headed for the capital. They passed the route most often used by those who crossed the river–just as the young lord had done. That path was the shortest way to the capital.

At first, Luisen was worried that his identity would be discovered, so they were originally going to make a huge detour through a deserted forest road. Instead of the relatively close east gate, he had thought about making a twisted path towards the south gate or even the far west gate. However, their plans changed as soon as Morrison joined their party. Now, they had learned of the enemy’s identity and that the enemy would be following Luisen; those men knew that the young lord was heading towards the capital. A detour wouldn’t help them avoid a confrontation.

Like that, a few days passed. They moved during the day; during the night, they emulated the homeless by searching for a suitable place to sleep. At first, Luisen was worried that Morrison and Carlton couldn’t escort him to the capital without fighting each other. He didn’t know Morrison’s real personality, and heretic inquisitors were known to be fanatics. The man was like a ticking time bomb.

Fortunately, excluding the pagan infidels, Morrison was a kind and caring man toward others. He was a consistently kind person–just like when Luisen first met him. So, the man didn’t cause any trouble. When Carlton concluded that they’d need Morrison’s help, the mercenary was no longer cranky. The two did not become close, but they worked together without much difficulty.

The three men guided their horses down the road.

“I thought I’d be able to immediately catch sight of one of those men if I followed the Duke, but there’s no hint of their presence,” Morrison said, regretfully. He secretly expected–anticipated–a demon worshiper’s appearance, but no one popped up.

‘Honestly, does he think that those guys just pop up wherever I go?’ Luisen thought about scolding Morrison, but the young lord kept his mouth shut in annoyance. He simply watched the scenery pass by silently, leaning into Carlton’s arms; drowsiness soon fell over him. He was nervous about riding a horse, but, as he got used to it, he was exhausted from merely sitting still. So, he began to fall asleep.

“You should just go to sleep.”

“Mhmm.” There was nothing more dangerous than falling asleep on a horse, but… Carlton was there. Luisen couldn’t resist the temptation of sleep and leaned his head onto the mercenary’s shoulder.

Carlton embraced Luisen tightly with his left arm so that the young lord would not shake around. In contrast to the chilly early winter air, the mercenary’s body temperature was warm, and the young lord quickly fell asleep. The mercenary’s subtle scent also comforted his mind.

Carlton drove his horse more carefully, so that Luisen wouldn’t wake up–it was a pity that the young lord’s sleeping face was hidden by the hood. Luisen’s sleeping face always had a solemn yet elegant aura–like a snowy winter’s night. Very aesthetically pleasing.

“It seems he must have been incredibly tired,” Morrison said as he saw that the young lord was now asleep.

“It’s inevitable. After leaving the ship, we were homeless.” Carlton felt sorry for Luisen. A man who should have never known hardship in his life was now falling asleep on a trotting horse, tired from wandering. Even though the young lord must have been exhausted, he didn’t show any signs of complaining. The mercenary’s heart felt simultaneously warm and stiff.

‘He could stand to be a little bit more childish with me, at least.’

It was regretful, but Luisen’s poise held out–that’s the man’s charm, though. “Let’s find an inn and rest early tonight.”

“That’s what I was thinking. There was a small village marked on the map. Let’s go there.”

When all that needed to be said was finished, silence fell between the two. Usually, the conversation was maintained through the young lord as a mediator. Without Luisen, there was nothing more to say between the two of them–other than about the schedule and their future plans, that is.

Carlton placed Morrison out of his mind and focused more on the young lord in his arms. The warm weight against his body; the pleasant scent that wafted off man’s skin. The comforting feeling, body temperature, and his breaths. Every small thing was pleasing. It wasn’t long ago that the noble would scurry away from him like a squirrel; now, when he thought about how the young lord trusted him to the point where Luisen was willing to be vulnerable while falling asleep… This felt so refreshingly unfamiliar yet joyful.

As he luxuriated in his happiness, Carlton could feel a gaze from the side. Morrison was staring at him. Sometimes, the inquisitor looked at people without blinking, and Carlton found it a little creepy.

“What are you looking at?” Carlton said pointedly.

“Sir Carlton is quite pure despite his outward appearances.”

“What?”

“No–nothing. I hope that you’ll stay so beautifully in love for a long, long while.”

‘Long, long while? Is he making fun of me?’ Carlton’s expression twisted with annoyance. However, there was a little noise out front. Carlton and Morrison placed their hands on their sword hilts, ready to fight at any time.

A fairly wide stream flowed across the field; the current was strong and deep, so there was a bridge built to help travelers cross the stream. The bridge was sturdy and made out of stone, so even wagons could pass. There was a group of people–they appeared to be travellers–gathered near the foot of the bridge. Three men in plate armor sat in the way.



“What’s going on?”

“Let’s go and find out.”

As they approached closer, they could quickly see why the people had gathered.

“I am a knight who serves Viscount Boton. This bridge was built by the grace of the Viscount, so you cannot pass unless you pay the toll!” The men standing on the bridge shouted.

‘So, the knights that were absent when monsters popped out or robbers attacked were stationed here, huh?’ Carlton snorted.

“Hey what is this… Is that a highwayman?” 1 The uproar woke Luisen up; the young noble yawned, completely relaxed. Because they ran into bandits at least once a day on the way here, he was no longer surprised at their appearance.

Public security north of the river was completely different from the South. Any form of stable security was completely destroyed during the main stage of the civil war. If one walks through the forest path, there will inevitably be monsters; if one walks on the road, highwaymen will appear. It was common for mercenaries to switch careers and become bandits after a war. Those who have lost their livelihoods often turned to thievery as well.

Because of this, the road had been blocked by bandits or monsters more than once. The average traveler would often choose to turn back or was left helpless, but Luisen’s party did not avoid them. Nor did they suffer defeat.

A villain who dreams of the world’s destruction is chasing from behind; they couldn’t waste their time on some petty highwaymen. A blocked road can be opened through force. If a monster proved to be a roadblock, then the monster must die; if a robber blocks the road, then they can just kill the robber. Carlton and Morrison always jumped into the fray brilliantly.

“You’re just going to pass them, right? We don’t really have any place to go back to.” Luisen looked around; he could see no other bridges.

“Of course. What great timing–I’ve been feeling a bit annoyed.” Carlton dismounted his horse and strode forth to the bridge, alone. Luisen got off the horse, thinking he’d give his buttocks some rest while Carlton fought.

Just at that moment, a nearby merchant urgently spoke, “Excuse me. He’s a part of your party right? Hurry and stop him! The men who took over the bridge are incredibly vicious.”

“It’s alright. They’re only some robbers.”

“No! They’re not ordinary robbers! If you confront them now, you’ll needlessly court trouble later on. Besides, they won’t let you pass peacefully even if you pay the toll!”

“You can’t pass through even if you pay the toll?”

“Yes! As soon as you walk past them, they’ll throw you into the stream and ask you to cross through them again. Then, at that point, they’ll ask you to pay the toll again. They’re so villainous, but… We can’t do anything about those knights!”

“So that’s why you all were hovering about this bridge.” Luisen was convinced, yet he didn’t feel too much tension. Then, something the merchant said attracted his interest, “But, are those people really knights? After all, just wearing plate armor doesn’t make one a knight.”

“They’re truly knights. A man named Viscount Boton employs them.”

‘True knights…huh.’ Not everyone could become a knight. One had to come from a wealthy household, and they had to be highborn–at least more than a mere commoner. As a child, they must be the squire of another knight, and they must go through a long training period.

“Why are knights taking money from passersby?” Luisen asked.

It’s a knight’s job to defeat robbers but, instead, these knights are doing the robbing?

“Why, don’t you know that Viscount Boton abandoned his estate and ran away a few months ago? He was terrified, muttering about the ‘aristocrat butcher’ or something like that.”

“Ah.”

So there was another fool like him–or at least like him before he had regressed.

“Since the lord ran away, leaving behind the denizens of his estate as a shield, the knights have abandoned all morality and declared they’d find their own way,” the merchant continued.

Luisen felt complicated as he looked at the knights. So this was what happened when a lord abandoned their territory; long-established tradition and all systems collapsed. The sword meant to protect peasants were then directed at innocents. “By the way, you seem to know the situation well.”

“Our feet have been tied here for three days now… Rather than just lounging about, I looked into background matters instead.”

“Wouldn’t it be better to search for another bridge or to turn around?”

“…There’s no other bridge except for this one… They’ve all been broken.”

“I see. Then, I think you’ll be able to cross today. Please wait a little longer.” Luisen drank some water and took out a bag of peeled walnuts. He may as well eat while watching.

“Honestly, I’ve said that those men are real knights! How could one mercenary deal with three knights?! They’re not going to cut him some slack, so hurry up and stop him!”

“It’s alright. That friend will take care of everything.”

“Give me a walnut as well,” Morrison said, stretching his hand out. Luisen gave Morrison some walnuts and, while he was at it, shared a few with the merchant as well.





* * *





TL: Luisen’s too used to enemies now, lolol, he’s gotten snarky.





Footnotes




a robber that mostly steals from travelers.





Chapter 87


Chapter 87



Even after being surprised by the gift of walnuts, the merchant couldn’t understand Luisen’s easygoing attitude. A stranger like himself was so worried about the man, but those that are part of his party aren’t stopping the man and are simply observing from the side while eating snacks?

Luisen and Morrison affably shared the walnuts; at that moment, Carlton reached the knight. At a distance, one could see that Carlton was well-built, but the mercenary looked relatively weak compared to the knights in his light tunic and cape.

“Honestly, It’s not the time to be so carefree and eat walnuts–you need to stop…Ah… Ah! Hnngrk!” The merchant stopped talking; his eyes opened wide as he stared over at Carlton.

It was all over in an instant. Carlton literally toyed around with the knights. After dodging several attacks, Carlton hooked their legs, tugged at their arms, and simply plunged the knights into the stream. The three knights were defeated before they could even touch the mercenary.

Carlton threw a confident smile at Luisen. As if he were bragging, ‘Look at this–this is how great I am.’

‘He acts cute like that from time to time. Is that perhaps the charm of a younger lover?’ Luisen smiled and clapped softly, “Then, I’ll go ahead first.”

Luisen quickly mounted Zephys again. During their travels, he had gotten used to horseback riding, so he could ride solo and mount the horse without the Zephys extending assistance by bending its legs. Though that was a skill anyone who could ride horseback could do, Luisen was still proud.

As Luisen approached, Carlton also climbed onto Zephys. The three men walked across the bridge leisurely. This all seemed too simple to the people that had helplessly gathered around the bridge, delayed for a few days. The people that watched their departing backs could only admire their absurd courageousness to plunge the knights headfirst into the water.

“Who is that person? Is he a mercenary? There’s no way a man so strong would be unknown.”

Amidst the whispers, one of the travelers shouted, “It’s those people! The pilgrim who recently became famous and his party!”

“Ah! Ah! You’re right! That person–just then–was a pilgrim!”

""



“I heard that, no matter how dangerous a situation may be, those people don’t retreat and help others… So it was true.”

Though Luisen’s party had no idea, they were already quite the celebrities. Anecdotes from Confosse’s guard captain…The story of the incident on the ship… Accounts of their deeds were already spreading quickly through word of mouth.

As Luisen and his party moved on, they cleared away everything that stood in their way; naturally, they ended up defeating notorious monsters and highwaymen/bandits. The neglectful estate stewards–those vicious men–all disappeared when Luisen and his party passed by. In addition, Luisen, who could not bear to see other’s hunger as much as he hated his own hunger, informed the refugees he met along the way of various edible vegetables–like the Buried Old Hag–and herbs.

This sort of behavior sparked rumors about Luisen and his party. The harder and more arduous life was, the more popular stories about heroes were. Luisen’s fame spread throughout the kingdom, and no one imagined that the protagonists of these stories would actually be Carlton the noble butcher and the trashy duke; like that, Luisen’s reputation became widespread throughout the nation.



***



Traveling diligently along the road, the group would soon reach their destination by evening, just as they had planned. ‘We’ll probably be able to sleep in warm bedrooms and dine in restaurants today!’ Luisen, tired of being homeless, was full of expectations; however, when they arrived, the group was met with ruins.

There was no one in the village; only traces of the previous pillaging remained here and there. It seemed the village was abandoned in the aftermath of the war. Because he saw many similar villages on the journey here, Luisen wasn’t even surprised.

The three people quickly gave up on their original plans and found a place they could stay for the night. There was still an inn with intact kitchen facilities; there were no bandits or monsters around. This place suited their purposes for at least one night.

They made an acceptable dinner. Pushing together the wooden tables left on the inn’s first-floor dining-hall, they created a bedroom and went to sleep early.

Carlton lay perfectly still before sitting up. He had always been a light sleeper, but it was especially difficult to attempt to sleep today. This was all because of Morrison. Carlton glared at the person in question; the man was sleeping so well–enough to snore quite despicably.

‘Should I just pummel him? But then, Luisen might wake.’ Carlton sighed and stealthily slipped out. Perhaps some cold air would relieve his discomfort.

The village was slowly deteriorating into an unsightly condition in its abandoned state. It felt as if someone would pop out from behind any corner. The chaotic landscape showcased the entropy fueled by time. In contrast, the winter’s night-sky was clear and cold.

‘Stay in love for a long time?’

Morrison may have meant to tease him with that statement, but the words he had heard earlier in the day strangely echoed around in his head.

‘A long time?’

How long? And how so? Did he and the young lord really have anything was capable of lasting?

Carlton furrowed his brows.

Luisen and Carlton lived in very different worlds. Luisen was a Great Lord, the second prince’s friend, and had a strong foothold in the South. On the other hand, Carlton was a commoner mercenary, the first prince’s hands and feet, and was based north of the river. If it weren’t for the special circumstances surrounding the civil war and the demonic worshippers, there was no reason for them to become close.

Now, they relied on each other and traveled towards a common goal: the capital. But what would happen after they accomplished said goal? Could their lives continue in the same vein?

Carlton was skeptical. From his perspective, it was so clear that, after arriving at the capital, there was only separation in their future.

Luisen would solve his problem with the first prince when he went to the capital; the prince was sure to stop antagonizing Luisen, as he was a Great Lord. So, the young noble would soon regain his past glory. In that scenario, Carlton didn’t think Luisen would rely on him as much as the young lord does now. More established households–more well-born and educated people–would lay in wait for Luisen’s outstretched hand.

The mercenary was so accustomed to being abandoned after being used, but his heart ached.

There would be a problem even if Luisen attempted to keep him by his side. Carlton was the first prince’s hands and feet. His and his company’s rise and fall were completely subject to the first prince’s whims; in his position, Carlton needed to constantly prove his loyalty to the first prince.

But, if he were to grow close to Luisen, the prince would begin to doubt Carlton. Even a seed of doubt could be his undoing.

When they arrived in the capital, he’d have to be exceedingly careful of wandering eyes if he wanted to speak with Luisen.

Even if all business ended well, it would be difficult to continue as they are. Luisen would return to his duchy, and he would either be sent to the battlefield or remain with the prince. When the bodies are separated by a great distance, the heart would stray as well. Naturally, there would be a day when this relationship becomes forgotten.

Still, could he throw away everything and chase after Luisen?

Carlton was ambitious. He wanted to reach become more famous than anyone else; he wanted to receive a proper last name and a noble peerage. He wanted to prove to the world that even someone like him, who as a child cleaned up horse poop, could make it. Fortunately, the world’s political state and his abilities supported Carlton. This was his last chance to break down and overcome the rigid wall of birth-status.

This was a dream he chased all this while as he risked his life. He had walked too long on this path for him to give it up for a love that had suddenly barrelled into him–Carlton was far too pragmatic.

The cold night breeze brushed across his cheeks. Listening to the sound of crickets complicated his mind. As he stood still, he sensed a presence creeping up behind him.

Usually he would kill the owner of such footsteps, but he could immediately identify who made those clumsy sounds. The mercenary smiled inadvertently and turned around just in time to receive his assailant’s outstretched arms.

“Ah!” Surprised, Luisen floundered before embracing the mercenary. Carlton smiled and hugged him back.

“What a pity. I was going to surprise you,” the young lord said.

“You weren’t sleeping?”

“Mmm.” Luisen closed his mouth before sputtering out, “I waited since I thought you’d bring me out as well.”

The two had slipped away every night, so the young lord thought it would happen again tonight as well. Luisen murmured, stewing in his embarrassment. The mercenary felt overwhelmed by emotions and embraced the young lord tightly. That wasn’t enough for Carlton, so he pecked the other’s cheek. Luisen didn’t avoid Carlton even though the young lord feigned a groan.

""



The playful kiss soon deepened.

When they placed their foreheads together and exhaled, Luisen chuckled. The young lord’s slender face shone softly in the moonlight. Carlton held Luisen’s cheeks in both hands and stared down.

The end was clearly in sight. However, he didn’t think he could forget this face for the rest of his life, so his heart violently fluctuated between his options. One one hand, a rise in status, a chance to sate his ambition and recklessness. Could he be happy in life–could his belly be sated–with just this face?

Carlton could see himself in Luisen’s eyes; he saw a man with a dazed expression. He saw many people die after staking their everything from a momentary rush of emotion. He resolved not to be pathetic like them, but how funny…he had the same expression as those people now.

“I’m going crazy. What should I do?” Carlton sighed before crumpling slightly on top of the young lord.

At the sight of his drained and exhausted companion, Luisen hugged the mercenary’s back and gently stroked from side to side without clearly understanding the other’s internal struggles.

It was then.

An arrow flew at them from an unknown origin.

swoosh–!

“!”

Carlton held Luisen and turned around to avoid the attack–an ambush!

‘Bandits?’ He thought.

""



It was common for bandits to simply observe during the day and raid at night. But, things felt too ominous for it to be a simple bandit. Usually one would try to rid themselves of the strongest-looking person first, but the arrow’s target was Luisen.

Carlton looked around his surroundings with vicious eyes. Immediately, the reason behind his uneasy feelings was revealed.





* * *





TL: That was so painfully realistic

Also, sorry in advance, but I’ll be going on vacation for the winter holidays. I’ve already updated my discord with an announcement, but just in case you haven’t seen it….

I’ll be gone for 10 ish days. Since I’ll be traveling 4 out of those 10 ish days, my updating may be quite erratic. That is to say, I don’t think I’ll be able to update much. I know you’ve all been so patient with me during applications, so thank you for being patient a little while longer!





Chapter 88


Chapter 88



Three men walked out from the darkness, their armor clattering as they stepped forth–the three knights that had blocked the bridge during the day.

Who knows what had happened in the meantime–their faces were discolored in a bluish tint and their eyeballs were rotten and white. A few goblins accompanied them; like this, they looked like knights accompanied by servants.

“Are those people dead?”

“Yes. I can’t hear breathing sounds.”

“Have they become ghouls?”

The knights were alive when they crossed the bridge; Carlton didn’t kill them and had only dumped them headfirst into the stream. However, why were their corpses appearing in front of them?

Against the backdrop of the ruined village, the knights-turned-ghouls hobbled towards them. ghouls had low combat abilities; despite knowing that, they made such an eerie sight that the hairs on the back of Luisen’s neck stood straight. Furthermore, their uncharacteristically disciplined walk–their purposeful steps–were quite ominous.

Dark red smoke swirled around the ghouls; the smoke looked almost like strings attached to the corpses as they stretched out and over the stream. The strings ended at a standing man. When the group noticed his dark red robe, Luisen and Carlton simultaneously sensed that the man must be a demon worshiper.

“I am the ninth worshiper.” The man raised a finger and pointed at Luisen. “You must be the pilgrim who destroyed the sacred altar.”

Luisen recalled the giant centipede and the altar hidden in its underground den. He supposed that man was its creator.

“Tales of your name could be found wherever I went. Thanks to that, it was quite easy to follow you,” the worshiper continued.

“Coming to us in the middle of the night without making an appointment? You people really have no manners, do you?” Carlton grunted.

“Do you make appointments in order to punish sinners?”

“Sinners?”

“You’ve destroyed the sacred altar and completely ruined the memorial service I was preparing to please my god! He is angry, and you all will be cursed to death!” The worshiper shouted before stretching out his hand. The knight-turned-ghoul rushed forth with a chilling roar. He swung the two-handed sword–one that was clearly underused in the knight’s lifetime–quickly. As the blade split the air, a vibration was transmitted through the air onto the young lord’s and mercenary’s skin. What tremendous strength.

Carlton dodged as he pushed Luisen behind him; the mercenary then blocked the attack of another ghoul knight, flowing with the movements of his sword. The attack was powerful enough to make his wrist throb.

The three knights rushed at once, so Carlton was too busy preventing any attacks from hitting to even begin to counterattack. However, thanks to the fact that the corpses’ manipulator wasn’t a knight as well, the mercenary was able to withstand the attacks due to small loopholes and blind spots in their attacks.

However, he was slowly becoming distanced from Luisen.

‘Damn it. What is Morrison doing at a time like this?’ Carlton thought.

He had allowed the inquisitor to travel with them in order to make use of the inquisitor’s strength at times like this; however, Carlton couldn’t see even the tip of his nose at this moment. The inquisitor probably wouldn’t be sleeping peacefully when heretics were making an uproar like this.

Carlton rolled on the ground as he landed a strike on one knight

Clank–!

The attack was aimed properly at the waist, but an ordinary sword would fail to penetrate the hardness of plate armor. A living person would slow down from the pain of the impact, but ghouls do not feel pain. The ghoul knight simply stumbled momentarily.

Then, the corpse continued its attack without allowing time for the mercenary to return to the young lord’s side.

The manipulated ghoul was an incredibly annoying opponent. It was fast and destructive; as it was a corpse, it couldn’t be killed.

‘In that case, it would be better to target the person controlling them.’

Carlton glanced at Luisen; Luisen had learned something from all of the times they had run into monsters and was making efforts to protect himself. The young lord looked wary of his surroundings and had acquired a pot lid and wooden club that had fallen to the floor from their hooks on the wall of the inn. Carlton saw a single goblin was approaching the lord.

The mercenary quickly turned to Luisen; in exchange for his wandering attention, he received a fist in his abdomen. As Carlton stumbled with a groan, the worshiper giggled and laughed.



***



Meanwhile, Ruger approached the battle site. He discovered the ninth worshiper, the mercenary, and the pilgrim.

Ruger sighed; a few hours ago, the ninth worshiper went off alone, saying he had to avenge his altar and the giant centipede. Due to the pilgrim’s growing reputation, the man couldn’t stand the thought of the pilgrim being right under their noses.

That’s what he said. They were already shorthanded on trying to catch Luisen and preparing to kill Carlton, but the other’s eyes were already turned towards his own private revenge. Pathetic. It was just an altar. The devil they served probably didn’t even exist anyway. And the man could just make another monster.

However, Ruger had no idea what sort of accidents and blunders the man would make if he went all by himself. Because Ruger needed to clean up after any accidents–because a lead for Luisen might appear–he had no choice but to accept the setback in his plans and chase after the worshiper.

‘Though, he’ll probably be alright even if I didn’t intervene.’

He couldn’t see well due to the darkness, the sole mercenary seemed to have difficulty dealing with the three monsters by himself. Ruger found the pilgrim with his eyes; even though the face wasn’t clearly visible, the pilgrim’s pass sparkled brightly and could be easily found. The pilgrim was struggling against a lone goblin, so the pilgrim didn’t notice Ruger’s presence.

""



‘I feel a bit uncomfortable about harming someone from the church, but…’

If he killed the pilgrim here, the ninth worshiper was sure to cooperate with him without any further grumbling. Pity that this was all a consequence of the pilgrim’s good deeds, but that sort of thing was inevitable after being entangled with these lunatics.

Ruger drew his sword and approached the unsuspecting pilgrim; the pilgrim had just finished pushing a goblin away and was catching his breath. His back was clearly exposed–with one stab, the attendant could kill the man before the other could notice his situation.

This was a simple task. However, the closer Ruger got to the pilgrim, the stranger he felt. The man’s back looked so familiar…Luisen’s image overlapped the man’s.

It was a back he had always stared at from his place, one step behind, every day for the past few years. Ruger’s heart beat fast, “My duke?”

His painstaking patience in hunting the Pilgrim faltered, and his awkward voice called out a familiar name. His heart was filled with emotions–tension or anticipatory welcome? Ruger couldn’t tell.

Then, the pilgrim looked back, surprised. The short blond hair wavered with the movement, revealing Luisen’s delicate face. For a moment, Luger gasped; this moment felt strange although the two had seen each other every day for years.

That pilgrim who had a reputation for being so pious and merciful was…Luisen? The young lord had the ability to even pose as a pilgrim?

Even now, nothing made sense to Ruger, but, at the very least, Luisen was in front of him.

His shock was mirrored in the young lord. Luisen had no idea that his erstwhile attendant would suddenly show up from behind him! Luisen instinctively raised the pot lid and wooden stick for defense. His actions were proper for someone that had just learned self-defense, but the young lord had overlooked the goblin’s cleverness.

The goblin, who had been pretending to be unconscious as if it had lost the battle, opened its mouth wide and reached for Luisen with its teeth. Dirty, jagged teeth tried to sink into the young lord’s neck.

Time–and the lord–seemed to flow slowly–as if time had slowed down before Ruger’s eyes. He was just too surprised, nor was there any time to think. The attendant’s body moved first; Ruger threw his sword forward. The blade that was originally drawn to kill Luisen passed by the lord and lodged into the goblin’s head.

‘Huh? What?’ Luisen realized belatedly that he was in danger and that Ruger had saved him. Then, anger rose to the top of his head. “What are you doing?”

Why save him after years of deceiving him, trying to kidnap him, and then showing up with monsters to kill him? The young lord had no idea what the man was up to and glared at Ruger.

“That’s…”

“Speak properly.”

“That’s because… I was ordered to bring my Duke in alive.”

Ruger’s liege wanted Luisen alive, so he had to prevent the monsters from killing the young lord. No other reason. He was faithful to his master’s orders–Ruger tried to convince himself. “If you follow me, you won’t get hurt. My duke.”

“Did you really think I’d believe that? I already know who you people are.”

“Then, that’s a relief.”

“What?”

“Then, you must have realized that you’d be in trouble if you solely trust a lowly mercenary like Carlton. These men are much eviler and stronger. Come with me. I’m the only one who can protect you properly.”

‘This bastard–does he even realize the nonsense he’s spouting? How are you going to protect me if you’re with those evil people?’ Luisen was so dumbfounded he was rendered speechless. Every word that came out of Ruger’s mouth made no sense; he didn’t know where to start with his rebuttal.

‘Was he always this insane?’ While the young lord was bewildered, Ruger had raised his sword. ‘Look at him–my eyes are spinning. He’s being contradictory again!’

""



As the panicked Luisen moved to dodge, he heard Carlton’s voice, “My duke, come backwards!”

Luisen fell to the ground behind him thoughtlessly, doing as he was told. Then, Morrison popped out from behind one of the buildings’ roofs.

‘Morrison! I was wondering where you were!’

Morrison threw a knuckle-clad fist at the attendant; Ruger blocked that attack with his sword. The resulting collision sounded so intense that it hurt Luisen’s ears.

In the brief confrontation between Luisen and Ruger, many changes had taken place. Carlton used a torch to burn down all the ghoul-knights and escaped their siege.

“Oh! Oh oh! Wait. Wait! Let’s run away!” The demon worshipper used the goblin that he had dragged here like a shield and, without even looking back, ran away. Ruger didn’t seem to care about that, though. The attendant observed the situation with cold eyes, as if he hadn’t expected his colleague to look after him.

A low-level monster like a goblin was no match for Carlton, and this group had an unexpected supporter named Morrison. Soon, the reality that he wouldn’t be able to take Luisen away as he desired solidified. The ninth worshiper fled, so there was no reason to be here any longer.

“…Let’s see each other again.” Ruger pushed Morrison away and swung his sword to widen the distance between them. A dark red mist rose from under his feet.

“Nngh,” Morrison backed away in horror. This dark and evil energy was like poison to a priest like him. Taking advantage of the gap created, Ruger soon disappeared into the darkness as well.

Croak–

The last goblin collapsed; only three people were left in this village. The night sky quickly calmed down as if nothing had happened, but the smell of monsters and the deep, metallic stench of blood still wafted in the air.





* * *





TL: Ruger go away–no one wants to see you. Least of all me and my PR.





Chapter 89


Chapter 89



As soon as Carlton knocked down the last goblin, he hurried over to Luisen. Looking the young lord all over, he carefully checked for any injuries. This wasn’t an uncommon occurrence, so Luisen calmly raised his right hand. “I’ve just scraped my palm here, otherwise I’m fine. I’m not injured.”

The young lord had abrased his palm against the surface of the wooden stick while pushing the monster back. “I’ve only had to push back one goblin. You should worry more about yourself.”

His companion had to deal with three knights who wielded their broadswords as if their blades were made out of paper. Luisen also looked over Carlton, and, to his surprise, the mercenary did not suffer a single bruise. At this point, couldn’t he be called a monster?

Just as the young lord thought that, Carlton looked fondly at the scratch on Luisen’s palm. “Still, you did well.”

“Huh? What?”

“You defeated a goblin by yourself. Although, the end of all that hassle was a bit regretful. You did a good job of avoiding boxing yourself against the wall and calmly chose your weapon–a long wooden stick.”

“It’s just a goblin…”



“When we first met, didn’t you almost die by a Goblin’s hand?”

“Ah, I suppose you are right.”

When he first met Carlton, Luisen completely panicked at the Goblin’s appearance and nearly died. If one considers that event, responding calmly and winning a power struggle against a goblin was a huge achievement by Luisen’s standards. If Ruger hadn’t called out to him, he could have shut down the monster’s breathing.

‘Come to think of it, I, Luisen Anies, have matured a lot.’ Luisen raised his palm to the mercenary while praising himself, “I simply used what I learned from you, again.”

Carlton chuckled deeply before grabbing the hand, clasping the young lord’s fingers firmly.

“I gave you my hand for a high five–what’s this sudden hand-holding?” Luisen grumbled, but he didn’t hate this sudden contact. As the two were about to fall into their own world, Luisen felt an insistent gaze. Looking to the side, he saw Morrison viewing them with a pleased expression.

‘Why…is he looking at us like that…?’

“You two make such a good sight.” Morrison sighed.

“…Are you a pervert?” Carlton shot back.

“What do you mean pervert? I just appreciate a good love story.”

“…You certainly look like you do.”

Anyway, with Morrison watching, the desire to do more disappeared. Luisen let go of the mercenary’s hand with a sour expression, took out his handkerchief, and wiped off the goblin blood that splattered onto him.

Carlton glared at Morrison, frustration evident in the lines of his face. “What were you doing for you to be so late? I didn’t think you could sleep through this pandemonium.”

“Of course not! I was fighting my own battles.” Morrison said, as if he were wronged. “After you two left, I was lying down by myself. Suddenly, I felt very uncomfortable, so I thought I should look around.”

Carlton had exited first, and Luisen followed. It wasn’t something special; the two enjoyed a secret nightly meeting almost every day. So, it was obvious what the inquisitor would witness if he were to follow him out the door. Instead, Morrison tactfully slipped out through a window on the back wall.

“What?! You knew?!” Luisen’s face flared red–his secret meetings were uncovered!

“I was right there when you two moved out; of course I’d know. I don’t particularly mind, so please don’t worry. Anyway, as I walked around, I happened upon a strange man.”

The man had apparently stood next to a direwolf; he looked down at the village from atop the nearby hill, and the aura surrounding him felt ominous and mysterious. Morrison had a hunch that the man was a demon worshiper and approached in secret. The demon worshiper failed to respond properly to the sudden surprise attack.

“Direwolf? Is that the man who attacked the refugee village?”

“I don’t think he came there to fight–it was almost like he was there to observe. There were only a couple of direwolves. I had almost captured him, but…”

“You lost him?”

“Yes. I had to capture him alive in order to interrogate him. However, at that moment, that man ordered a direwolf to bite him and drag him away.” Morrison clicked his tongue, as if he regretted not overpowering the man.

Morrison’s face, as he recalled his fight with the demon worshiper, reminded Luisen of that inhumane expression he saw at the docks. That must be Morrison’s true self as a heretic inquisitor. Once again, the young lord thought it was truly fortunate that Morrison and his misunderstanding was quickly and easily resolved.

“These direwolves are incredibly fast; I couldn’t chase after them with just my two feet, so I came back to town to acquire a horse. However, there were demon worshippers here, too.” There was another battle happening in the village. Morrison was elated to have another capture target, but he had to help the young lord first, as the young lord was already in conflict with Ruger. “I am fortunate to have followed my Duke. I met two people–people who I saw neither hide nor hair of earlier–all at once! My sixth sense wasn’t incorrect.”

Morrison seemed pleased to have encountered the worshippers, even though the villains had escaped. “Those bastards… they’ll probably attack the Duke again, yes? Next time, I won’t clumsily target the ankle. I’ll target the spine…”

“Stop talking so viciously in front of my Duke.” Carlton protested, covering Luisen’s ears. Luisen nodded as well–‘Don’t say such cruel things so nonchalantly.’

Morrison shrugged his shoulders. “By the way, that man with the red hair…he’s Ruger, right?” The inquisitor had only heard stories about the man; he had never seen the attendant in person.

“That’s correct.”

“Wasn’t that man a bit odd?”

“He’s completely odd.” Luisen said, bluntly. “He kept saying such strange things. He’s not usually one to speak such nonsense. He didn’t even seem to know what he was spouting.”

“Still, he saved my Duke from the goblins, didn’t he?”

At Morrison’s words, both Carlton and Luisen’s brows wrinkled simultaneously.

Luisen spoke, “Supposedly, he’s been ordered to take me alive. That’s what he said, at least. Why the sudden interest in Ruger?”

“Nothing. It’s nothing, but I just have a strange feeling.”

There seemed to be more to the topic, but Morrison wouldn’t say. The three of them cleaned up their surroundings and prepared to leave the village. After all, other monsters or beasts may be lured here by the scent of blood, or Ruger and his gang may come back with reinforcements.

The three recovered the remains of the barony’s knights and took their identification cards. In place of a funeral, they simply cremated the corpses and prayed.



***



Without space for proper rest, the three people set off on the road again. The dark, almost-dawn sky was filled with twinkling stars, but all three were not in the mood to enjoy this beautiful scenery. They were busy discussing what to do in the future.

Until now, they had felt no threat due to Luisen’s disguise as a pilgrim, which kept the Duke of Anies’s whereabouts unknown. However, now his location was discovered and his identity was revealed; those bastards would be like tigers, waiting with eyes wide for an opportunity to steal and kidnap the young lord away. 1

“I thought we would encounter them at least once before entering the capital, but I didn’t expect it to be like this.” Luisen sighed deeply.

He had thought they’d meet Ruger just before passing through the capital city gate–that the attendant would lie in wait there. They had planned how to respond to that situation. However, they didn’t know the demon worshippers would come after the pilgrim while bearing a grudge. The group needed to revise their future plans since they were discovered earlier than expected.

“However, nothing can be helped, right now, right?” That was Morrison’s argument. This trick had already been tried once–disguising yourself as another person would be uncovered quickly. Even if they quickened their pace, the human body would prove to be the rate-limiting factor. It would be dangerous to try and protect Luisen when they had no idea how many demon worshippers existed. Nor could they claim that Carlton was some unrelated mercenary. “Wouldn’t it be better to reveal your identity and move quickly?”

“That’s a bit… Wouldn’t that make the situation more difficult?” Luisen said. Currently, in the eastern part of this kingdom, even knights became robbers. The hyena-like rascals who would want to capture the Duke of Anies would rather slow down the group’s steps, providing openings to Ruger’s gangs.

“Then, why don’t we find someone who can protect the Duke after he reveals his identity?”

“Who?”

“The Great Lord of the East. According to the information I received, the Eastern Great Lord should be leading his knights around this area.”

“Nngh… I don’t particularly like that lord…” 2 Luisen’s brows furrowed.

The Eastern Great Lord, the Duke of Assylus, was in his sixties, old enough to be Luisen’s grandfather. He was an authoritarian man who was well aware of his own privileges; a man that took pride in his birth status. The man was an inconvenience for Luisen because he had always nagged the young lord, who had lived like trash.

Most of all, before regression, when the wandering Luisen had visited him, Luisen was kicked out without being able to meet the Duke of Assylus. The same was true of all the other nobles. Therefore, the young lord decided to head to the capital with only Carlton for help. Furthermore, the lack of knowledge about who the shadow beneficiary of the demon worshippers was added to his decision.

“Is the Eastern Great Lord trustworthy? What if he’s behind the demon worshippers?”

“I’ve met him before–he’s a very religious man who would have nothing to do with heresy.” Since Morrison, an inquisitor, was the one to say that, the great lord’s credibility was made even stronger.

“You all won’t be treated well by that old man,” Luisen said.

Especially Carlton.

“It matters not how he treats us–it’ll be safer with his knights. Ruger and his demon worshippers can’t easily confront us that way. However, the issue is that the Great Lord’s exact location isn’t clear.”

“It would be different if we were far away from them, but isn’t it a relief that we’re in the same area? I don’t think we’ll have to stray too far from our original path. I can make efforts to quickly find a more detailed description of the man’s location.”

Morrison and Carlton were both optimistic about this plan. ‘Ugh,’ Luisen groaned. Things were completely different from before the regression, so he supposed it would be fine to ask the Easter Great Lord for help. He’s not a member of the demon worshipers, after all.

However, his heart still pounded from the betrayal and contempt he received at that time. But, since Morrison and Carlton would be the ones to fight in any situation, Luisen needed to respect their opinions. “Alright. Then, when we meet them on our way… I’ll attempt to negotiate.”

The young lord grudgingly gave his permission, and a new destination had been set.



***



Meanwhile, two escaped demon worshippers and Ruger reunited in a rocky cave a little ways away.





* * *





TL: Read the room Morrison~ Read the room!





Footnotes




호시탐탐 is an acronym: definition – a tiger stares at its prey with its eyes wide open, quietly looking for an opportunity to steal someone else’s property. This phrase comes from an old Chinese novel.

양반 can mean man, but, in this scenario, it does the double work of pointing out that this lord isn’t a mere commoner.





Chapter 90


Chapter 90



By the time Ruger arrived, the ninth and eleventh worshipers had already arrived as well. Ruger glanced at the eleventh worshiper leaning against the wall; the man didn’t look to be in a good condition. His ankle was completely bent at a wrong angle, and he was sweating all over.

‘It’ll be a problem if our manpower is reduced more than this here.’

Ruger frowned; he coldly looked down at the ninth worshiper clinging to the eleventh as he fed the man painkillers. These two cut off other people’s wrists and ankles, but they acted so disgustingly with each other.

“You got hurt like a fool,” Ruger scoffed.

“Bite that bastard!” The eleventh worshiper pointed at Ruger. The direwolf, next to the man, rushed at the attendant. It opened its big mouth and tried to bite Ruger’s ankle, but the man frustratedly kicked at the direwolf’s snout.

“What are you doing?” He shouted.

“It’s all your fault.”

“What?”

“There was another person in their party. He suddenly attacked and crushed my ankle with his knuckles.”

‘Ah–that person.’ Ruger recalled a strange man blocking his way to Luisen. The moment they faced each other was short, but the man’s piercing gaze, which seemed to dig deep into his head, felt unpleasant. That person wasn’t normal. “That’s why I told you to take care of yourselves, didn’t I? How could you blame me for your careless actions–that’s ridiculous.”

“No, you didn’t even know that the Duke of Anies was posing as the pilgrim, did you? Even when I suspected him, weren’t you so sure that the Duke wasn’t capable?”

“…That’s…”

“If I had known that the pilgrim was the Duke of Anies, I would have prepared more before attacking him. This guy pretends to know everything about the Duke, but it turns out he knows nothing!”

“Shut up.” Ruger growled deeply. Every one of the worshiper’s words felt like it pierced his heart. Indeed–Ruger was the most befuddled one here.

Luisen was the pilgrim who was famous for solving many cases? Even though he saw that fact with his own eyes, Ruger found it hard to believe. It felt as if the world was making fun of him.

He was the closest person to Luisen; he knew better–more than anyone else–about the young lord. He used to be able to clearly see into the Duke’s head, as if he were looking at his own palm.

Luisen never used to have the ability to pose as a pilgrim or anything like that; the man was passive, complacent, and indifferent to others. He was indifferent to others and used to being taken care of and doing as he was told. These character flaws were considered aristocratic, so he never found the need nor desire to fix that issue.

‘He didn’t seem like the Duke I know.’

Ruger was bewildered; at some point, Luisen’s mind looked hazy. The attendant could no longer figure anything out. It felt as if Luisen had changed into a completely different person.

‘What could cause that person to change? There was no impetus.’

When the news that the second prince had lost the civil war and died, when the Duke fled to his castle, Luisen was still Luisen. Ruger thought he’d get drunk and escape from reality.

‘…Carlton. Is it because of that bastard?’

Come to think of it, the turning point for the Duke’s strange behavior was certainly around the time Luisen surrendered to the mercenary. From that point on, the Duke began to hide things from Ruger.

“Damn!”

Carlton, again. Is it really him? It’s always him: a lowly man who doesn’t even know his station, sticking to Luisen as if he’s a knight…

“Why are you so angry?” The ninth worshiper was irritated.

“Carlton… The Duke keeps on deviating from my expectations because of him. I can’t fulfill my orders. Wouldn’t you all be angry if your plans go awry?” Ruger had been a spy for these past few years; his final mission was to kidnap Luisen.

If he simply finished this job properly, his father–these worshiper’s master–had promised to reward him accordingly. Maybe he could become a knight, a dream that he had once given up. Perhaps he’d be recognized as his father’s son. As his father had no heir, that position was open for Ruger.

It was Ruger’s lifelong dream to shed the stigma of being an illegitimate child and to proclaim his name proudly. Ruger justified his anger, stating that of course he’d be angry since things went wrong–snatched from the jaws of victory. “We’ll have to look for another chance. Next time, I will have the Duke in hand.”

“My brother’s ankle must be treated first. 1 We won’t cooperate with you until then.”

“What? You’re going to back out now? The Duke is right in front of our nose.”

“The Duke of Anies is your father’s and your target. This is not the worshipers’ objective. There’s no reason to cooperate with you at the expense of our brothers. Let the Duke be attacked by a goblin–then, at least, it would be easier to drag him away.”

“He could die. I was ordered to bring him in alive.”



The ninth worshiper thought for a moment, then, with a meaningful smile, said, “We could attach his lifeforce back again, though?”

“……”

“I thought you were going to protect the Duke.”

“Why would I?”

“You said it earlier? ‘I’m the only one who can protect you properly.'” The ninth worshiper mimicked Ruger with an exaggerated tone. It was obvious that the man was trying to tease the attendant again.

Ruger replied, irritated and unable to ignore the man, “Would you follow someone who said, ‘if you follow me, you will die?'”

“Then, when you’ve caught him, I can take a peek, right? I have always been curious about noble blood.”

For a moment, Ruger glared at the ninth worshiper as if he were going to kill the man.

“Ah, so vicious. Someone would think I’m your enemy.” The ninth worshiper chuckled. Ruger turned around, ignoring him

He recalled Luisen’s face when the young lord looked back at his shout. At first, his heart palpitated at the welcome face, but then it sank at the sight of the young lord’s hair.

‘After being an attendant for so many years, I’ve become immersed. That’s why I’m like this.’

Since he played a faithful attendant for so long, he may have become worried about the Duke’s welfare almost inadvertently. However, that was only a moment’s confusion–he would faithfully follow his master’s order.

‘There’s no other reason. There can’t be another reason.’ Ruger repeated to himself. The attendant bit his lips until it bled. Looking at his very unstable appearance, the demon worshipers exchanged mysterious glances amongst themselves.



***

""





By the time the morning sun rose, Luisen and his party arrived at a small abbey. Morrison entered the building with a monk, saying that they needed to have a private talk; Luisen and Carlton waited outside for the inquisitor to exit again. The monk was probably a special contact that Morrison needed to find out the Eastern Great Lord’s location.

Taking advantage of the lull, Carlton taught Luisen simple self-defense techniques.

“In a situation like last night, what should you do if that Ruger bastard forcibly drags my Duke away?”

“I should shake him off and run away…”

“Right? That guy will probably try to grab my Duke like this and drag you away.” Carlton grabbed Luisen by the arm. Although Carlton controlled his strength to be quite moderate, Luisen could not shake off the mercenary’s hand. Carlton did not budge at all.

“…I don’t think I could shake him off.”

“If there’s a difference in muscle strength, it’s better to use techniques. Press the insides of the elbow with your arm; push his philtrum in with your head.”

“The philtrum?”

“The nose or the chin is alright as well. They’re all vital points.”

“I see.”

“Other vital points include the pit of the stomach and between the legs, but… Ruger would be wearing armor, so it’s best to aim for his face.”

Luisen nodded with a serious expression, “I understand.”

“I’ll show you a demonstration.” Carlton made Luisen grab his arm. As the young lord clenched his grip with all his might, Carlton pressed the inside of Luisen’s elbow with his hand. Since the elbow was a joint meant to fold, the arm folded easily, without much force needed. Consequently, the young lord’s arm weakened. In that state, Carlton’s head flew forward.

“Nnngh,” Luisen closed his eyes reflexively.

However, it wasn’t Carlton’s head but his lips that touched the young lord’s lips. Luisen’s face heated up at the soft touch; he glared at Carlton with narrowed eyes, “If you’re going to do it, then do it properly.”

“Isn’t there too many people around to do something like that?”

“……” Luisen glanced around. Strangely, the travelers who should be passing by were hanging around the monastery. It felt like they kept glancing over here.

Carlton shook Luisen’s collar gently, “You should focus on learning–I’m teaching you quite diligently, after all.”

“Hah. And who’s the one excited about this?”

Carlton grinned, enjoying Luisen’s ludicrous expression. “If you’re not in the situation to be able to hit with your head, it’s good to aim for the eyes. Poke the eyes while pushing the face away with your palm; spit and spray dirt; slam the other’s head into something, etc.”

“That’s all…self defense?”

‘All this dog-fighting?’ Luisen felt a bit sour.

“Even if I teach you proper techniques, you probably won’t be able to copy them?”

“That’s true.”

“It’s a simple matter to dodge someone slow like my Duke. However, if you can shake them up for even just one moment, it would mean the difference between life and death. And, now that you know all this, my Duke will be able to handle things in a calm manner.”

Apart from these tactics, Carlton taught Luisen various dirty and cheap maneuvers to use in times of need. The mercenary also fulfilled his own self-interest by fondling the young lord’s waist when claiming to show Luisen a demonstration. The mercenary’s machinations were quite transparent, but Luisen pretended to be ignorant while secretly enjoying the attention.

After a while, Morrison emerged from the abbey.





* * *





TL: Wow…you guys are just now lovey-dovey in the open, huh? I’m being fed dog food!!





Footnotes




Brother, ofc, is said in a collegiate sense rather than a blood-sibling sense.





Chapter 91


Chapter 91



A man followed behind Morrison. Judging by the full head of hair, the man wasn’t a monk; furthermore, he was quite dressed up. Luisen had no idea who he was, but the man seemed quite glad to see the young lord, “Esteemed Pilgrim. It seems that we meet again so soon.”

“Ahaha. Yes. Of course. Who are you…?” Luisen smiled awkwardly and stared at the Inquisitor.

Morrison explained, “This person was on the boat crossing Mittil just a little while ago. Apparently, he works as an errand boy at this monastery.”

“I greeted you when you dismounted the ship, but you must have forgotten. I had implored you to visit our abbey, as I wanted to repay you.”

Honestly, Luisen didn’t usually remember any of those well wishes, greetings, or other such formalities. At that time, more than one or two people had greeted him similarly; also, he was shocked by the events that happened that day–Morrison had kidnapped him–so, the young lord could hardly remember anyone’s face. “I–I apologize. My memory is a bit…”

“That’s alright. These things can happen. I heard you wanted an audience with Duke Assylus–I believe I can help with that.” He said that the Eastern Great Lord had recently commissioned a book from the monastery. This person happened to be the one chosen to deliver the book and was willing to take Luisen’s party with him.

Of course, the man wasn’t of a status that could directly greet the Eastern Great Lord. However, the party could accompany him to the insides of the Great Lord’s barracks, and, when he hands the book off to a servant, he could secretly mention Luisen.

“If you do this for us, I would of course be extremely grateful, but I wonder if we’re asking a difficult favor from you…”

The errand boy waved away Luisen’s concern, “I owe the esteemed pilgrim a great favor. Saying a few words cannot compare to the difficulties the pilgrim faces. And, since the Duke is deeply religious, he is already interested in the recently famous pilgrim.”

“Me?”

“I’m sure he’d love to hear about the esteemed pilgrim’s activities aboard the ship. Since it happened in the east. I’m sure he’ll offer great compliments.”

“Then, I’ll leave this to you.” Luisen decided to accept the man’s offer–there was no reason to refuse. Besides, Morrison’s smile seemed to indicate that the messenger had no other options.

‘I suppose being famous isn’t always a bad thing.’

Even without Morrison’s pressure, there would still be many people willing to help him. Though it may be overly prideful, Luisen was still proud to think that this was because of his accomplishments.



***



The Eastern Great Lord was staying in a tent on a plain about a half day’s journey away from the abbey. His crew was moving toward the capital at an incredibly slow pace.



When Luisen arrived at the plain, he saw dozens of large and small tents erected atop the flat plain. A wood fence was set up around the boundary, making the whole camp resemble a nomadic village. In the center, a red wave-patterned flag, which symbolized the Eastern Great Lord, fluttered in the air.

Various other flags representing other aristocratic families were also erected around the central flag: it seemed that the Eastern Great Lord had attracted other forces, and they were all traveling together en masse.

As the world remained chaotic, the aristocratic union in the east showcased their robustness and intent to highlight the authority of their Great Lord.

There were a great many people outside the wooden fence–these consisted of those who could not join the Easter Great Lord’s party and were camped near the entrance to see a glimpse of the great noble’s face. They begged the soldiers, bribed them… In any case, things were a mess.

‘It must have been difficult to even make it this far.’

Once they learned the location of the Great Lord, Luisen thought it would somehow be possible to be granted a meeting. But now that he saw the situation with his own two eyes, the young lord thought he wouldn’t be able to go near the entrance.



Perhaps if he removed his hood and identified himself, Luisen would be able to pass easily. However, Luisen wanted to hide his identity as much as possible; he thought it would be best to reveal his identity when he met the Great Lord.

Luisen’s party easily passed through the wooden barrier thanks to their introduction as an errand-group. The audience’s jealous eyes fell upon the young lord.

The Great Lord’s servant came out to greet the messenger. “My lord has been eagerly looking forward to this book.” The servants wore gloves before examining the book, page by page. These books, which were hand-written and hand-drawn by the monks, were like works of art.

The errand boy–the messenger–quietly brought up Luisen’s party while staring into the servant’s eyes.

“I’ve heard of their group from a rumor going around–I suppose the Lord will be interested in this story. What fortune–the banquet has just gotten boring, so I believe it’ll be alright to introduce….” At that moment, the servant glanced towards Luisen and nodded when he saw the young lord.

The messenger quietly remarked that things had gone well before turning around; Luisen and his companions were guided to a splendid tent–large and colorful due to its red embroidery.

Another servant entered the tent and told them that he’d ask for an audience for the pilgrim from the Eastern Great Lord. The servant who had accompanied Luisen’s party had the pleasure of laying out basic etiquette to Luisen; the words went in one ear and out the next for the young lord.

‘I won’t be chased away this time, right?’

Things had changed since the regression. He knew that intimately, but a little anxiety was inevitable as the young lord recalled old memories.

At that moment, Carlton sneakily took the young lord’s hand. The mercenary’s palms wrapped tightly around the back of the young lord’s hand–that alone reassured Luisen. ‘That’s right. If anything happens, Carlton will carry me and escape.’

The servant that just entered the tent called for Luisen, “Please enter.”

“Once we’re inside, please leave things to me. Both of you, try to refrain from speaking as much as possible.”

“Understood.”

“Alright.”

“Haah.” Luisen took a deep breath and walked inside. The attending servant and Luisen took the lead followed by Carlton and Morrison.

The banquet was in full swing inside the tent; a band played music, and the nobles chatted as they ate and drank. The attending servants were busy at work, and the knights stood upright and vigilant.



This scene was similar to banquets in the duke’s castle. However, Luisen was surprised by the sheer number of nobles. It seemed like all the lords of the eastern territories were gathered here. The nobles were so busy playing among themselves that they didn’t even look towards Luisen’s group.

‘Wherever we went, we heard that the nobles had fled. I suppose this was where everyone gathered.’

As the situation was unstable, perhaps it was reasonable for the nobles to gather underneath the Great Lord’s wing. The choice was made for survival, but their behavior seemed pathetic to the outside eye.

Bandits and monsters ran rampant outside; day by day, people turned their backs on their hometowns, unable to survive. These so-called lords sat here, busy drinking and playing. In exchange for their comfortable drinks, their denizens may wander, never able to settle down.

As he thought about that, Luisen became desperate to return to his throne.

The young lord reached the end of the carpet and stood in front of the Eastern Great Lord. He, in turn, sat on a chair decorated with gems. Uncaring of Luisen’s approach, he laughed and exchanged jokes with young maids. Deliberately not paying attention to Luisen was a small show of the Eastern Great Lord’s authority.



The Duke of Assylus, the Eastern Great Lord, looked the same as he did in Luisen’s memory–a face of a relaxed and kind old man, whose eyes shone as brightly as any other youth’s. The man was a sophisticated politician; a man who held his powerful post for many years.

‘A very consistent man.’

Because of that, the rest of Luisen’s anxiety flew away. As he watched the Eastern Great Lord show off, the young lord’s heart yearned to match the man’s rhythm. Although he was seeking help, Luisen was similarly another Great Lord.



He was Luisen Anies. If the ruler of the golden fields had to kneel, he should only kneel twice: once before God and once before the king.

Come to think of it, he knelt several times in front of Carlton, but that was tied to the duchy’s fate… so the young lord could let that go. In any case, it hurt his pride to be the first to bow down.

Luisen stood at a distance and waited for the Eastern Great Lord to see him.

“Hem. Hem Hem.” The servant coughed in vain, trying to give him a hint. Nevertheless, Luisen acted as if he didn’t understand. At that point, the servant lowered his voice and urged, “Look here–what are you doing, being so discourteous to the Lord!”

Luisen ignored the servant’s shouts. He looked back, just to check; Morrison and Carlton sat with one knee on the floor with their heads bowed down.

The sight of them being so polite was quite refreshing–after all, whether their opponents were aristocrats or not, they were more likely to bash their opponents’ heads in.

“Have you ever seen such a wicked man?! I can’t believe he’d greet our Lord with his back straightened!” As the servant roared, the knights also approached angrily. At that time, the nobles also looked at Luisen, wondering what was going on. The masses stirred slightly when they saw Luisen standing far away.

The Easter Great Lord also glanced at Luisen’s party after being alerted by the disturbance. Just as Luisen thought he should slowly begin to speak, the other spoke first.

“Wait.”

At that word, all the servants and knights stopped in their tracks; the nobles all held their breath, watching for their duke’s next movement. Since the Eastern Great Lord’s authority was clearly established, the hierarchy was clearly delineated, even in such chaotic situations. The noisy barracks became quiet.





* * *





TL: My baby! Holding his head high! Recognizing power plays!





Chapter 92


Chapter 92



Everyone thought the Eastern Great Lord would reprimand Luisen for his rudeness, but their expectations were subverted. The Great Lord asked Luisen with a slight smile on his face, “Who may you be?”

Luisen furrowed his brows. His question belied the connotation that Luisen wasn’t an ordinary pilgrim. The eyes of this old and experienced powerful man sparkled like new-born stars. The young lord was certain that the Eastern Great Lord had already noticed his identity–it just felt that way.

“You already know who I am, don’t you?”

‘The pilgrim in the rumors already knows the Great Lord? Who in the world is he?’ The nobles murmured amongst themselves as they tried to guess at Luisen’s identity. Many names were thrown out, but the Duke of Anies was not one of them.



At Luisen’s answer, the Eastern Great Lord’s smile deepened, “Still, I should at least see your face.”

Did he mean for Luisen to reveal his identity in front of all these people? Rumors that Luisen, the Southern Great Lord, was here would spread instantly.

He had suspicions about the Great Lord’s implication-filled words, but, no matter how he wracked his brain, he couldn’t figure out the man’s ulterior motive. Luisen was forced to take off his hood.

The noon sun rays, peering in through the tent window, landed upon Luisen’s hair. His short, blonde hair glistened brilliantly, like a halo. His white face and delicate features–his unhideable splendor–were revealed.

He did not need to state his name–everyone here recognized Luisen Anies. Many nobles here remembered his face: exactly as if nobility had distilled itself into human form. Luisen’s face and status were famous.

“My word. That face! Isn’t that the Duke Anies?”

“His aura has changed somewhat, but it’s truly Duke Anies, alright.”

“Didn’t they say he was missing? He looks fine? Although, he’s a bit of a mess…”

The nobles were in great uproar. That was Luisen, someone who had always been surrounded by luxurious and high-quality items without a single rumpled hair on his head. Compared to that, the young lord’s hair was messy and his face looked rough. However, his eyes were more stable than ever; his expression was confident. He held the unique poise and solidity of a person who had seen and overcome hardships. As his inner character had changed, his outward aura also seemed different.

As someone who had been observing Luisen since childhood, the Eastern Great Lord noticed the change and was amazed.

“It’s been a long while, Duke Assylus.” Luisen nodded his head. Though they were similar in birth status, he should treat the other with respect befitting an older adult due to their big age difference.

“How could this be?! Aren’t you Duke Anies?” The Easter Great lord exaggerated his gracious welcome. “How startling. And you were the famous pilgrim as well? It seems you’ve accomplished many great deeds!”

“Well, yes. As you can see.”

“I see. Of course. You’ve changed.” The Eastern Great Lord looked at the young noble with a deeply satisfied face. Luisen thought it felt so awkward to see that expression on someone who used to always look upon him with disapproval.

The surrounding aristocrats, who could only watch the proceedings with mouths wide open, were slowly recovering their senses.

“I have something to tell you,” Luisen stated.

“I have much to talk about with you as well. Why don’t you come with me for a while. We shall continue the banquet after I briefly converse with the Duke of Anies.” The Easter Great Lord rose from his seat and then placed his hand on Luisen’s shoulder. Since the man was reaching out with a friendly and affectionate gesture, Luisen could only follow him out with a sour look darkening his features.



***



In order to take their time as they talked, the Eastern Great Lord took Luisen back to his own tent. Carlton and Morrison remained behind, still prostrate on the ground, and only Luisen sat at the table with the Great Lord.

“How did you know? I’m certain you wouldn’t have known that I was posing as a pilgrim.” Luisen said.

“Only you, among all other youngsters, would stand so upright before me. That’s how I knew. So, you’re the pilgrim. Yes. No one would guess you’d pose as a pilgrim when you couldn’t even remember a simple pre-ceremony prayer–that was smart of you. After all, you would need to cover your conspicuous appearance, but, in most cases, covering your face would paint you as a suspicious person.”

“Yes–it wasn’t my idea. A friend of mine helped greatly.” Luisen pointed towards Carlton. Though the Eastern Great Lord glanced towards the mercenary, he dismissed the man.

‘As expected,’ Luisen swallowed a bitter smile. He wanted to give the older noble a good impression of Carlton, but it was futile.

“I had no idea, and, in trying to find you, I kept catching the wrong people.”

“You tried to find me?”

“I received a letter from your general. Since I learned you were on your way to the capital, I looked for you.”

“The General? Could I possibly see this letter?”

The Eastern Great Lord gladly handed the letter over. Luisen began to read. Though the gaze of the other man was quite burdensome, he tried to stay calm and take in each written word. When the young lord finished reading, he could guess why the Eastern Great Lord was acting so friendly.

‘So, I’m apparently useful in keeping the royal family in check.’

The Eastern Great Lord’s territory was close to the area the king had direct control over. As a result, the man was especially sensitive to matters related to the royal family–even more than the other Great Lords. With the help of another Great Lord, Luisen (who was already on bad terms with the first prince), the Great Lords’ authority may be maintained.

This attitude–so different from before his regression–was quite understandable. The biggest difference between the timelines was that the Anies Duchy was still alive and well. Except for the duke’s castle, the Anies Duchy wasn’t as affected by the civil war; the farming yielded ample harvest, and the denizens and retainers were motivated and patriotic. If the territory passes this winter well, the duchy could go further than restoring any damages wrought by the civil war–beyond regaining its past glory.

The Eastern Great Lord must have received this letter from the general and, after contemplating this and that, continued to search for Luisen in order to extend help.

Although the letter was written in logical and calm prose, there was a sense of desperation leaking through the handwriting.

‘General…’ Luisen’s heart stung. He went missing and never contacted his trusty retainer–the general was ignorant of the young lord’s situation. Nevertheless, he kept looking to help in any way possible. Waiting…Believing…that Luisen will endure and make it through.

‘I must return to the duchy soon!’ Luisen was resolute.

“So, haven’t I always said that lords like us only retain strength when the citizens and retainers hold their line firmly?” The Eastern Great Lord prompted, thinking to seize the opportunity now.

“Ah, yes yes,” Luisen said a bit bluntly, still shaken by the surge of emotions running through him. Since ancient times, the older lord had nagged Luisen to stop playing with the two princes and to return to his territory to serve as its lord. The young lord hadn’t taken the advice seriously at that time, but the words rang true.

‘Anyway, I should be able to reach the capital safely without being chased away like last time.’ Luisen, now relieved, explained all that had happened so far to the Eastern Great Lord. Morrison had asked him beforehand to keep the existences of the demon worshippers a secret, so Luisen vaguely glossed over those parts. Instead, the young lord claimed Morrison was a merchant that was traveling with him to repay the pilgrim’s kindness.

“Isn’t that why I’ve told you to not let any riffraff into your fold? If you had thrown that redhead out when I told you to, this wouldn’t have happened!”

“Did you really say something like that?” Luisen couldn’t remember since the older lord nagged so much. Really, the words went in one ear and out the other. ‘For some reason, everyone else hated Ruger.’

The Eastern Great Lord clicked his tongue and looked over Luisen’s head to peer at Carlton. “Even after being backstabbed like that, you still can’t get your act together. You even have the first prince’s dog by your side.”

“How could you call another human being a dog? Your words are too harsh.” Luisen adopted a serious expression.

“There’s no difference between a dog and him.”

“Duke Assylus!” Luisen sprang up, enraged. ‘This old man is really–!’

“Are you going to bring him along too?”

“Yes, both of them are part of my party. We’ll definitely travel to the capital together. If you insist on dropping him, then I can’t travel with you either.”

“Tsk. Even after the betrayal you still don’t know how scary human beings can be. I thought you had become more mature, but you still have a long way to go.”

“Please leave your nagging to your grandson. That child is sure to listen to everything you say.”

“Fine, fine. If that’s your wish.”

After all, no matter how much the older lord nagged, this was Luisen. Words that he found too bothersome flowed in one ear and out the other. Contrary to expectations, however, the Eastern Great Lord backed off after the young lord’s vehement denial. “I suppose it would be best for me to talk with those two for a while as well. Your party is now my party, after all.”

Luisen looked back at Carlton and Morrison. Both men indicated that they would be fine with that arrangement. Luisen was forced to grant permission.

The Eastern Great Lord called for his granddaughter and asked her to personally take care of Luisen. Though Luisen was worried about Carlton, he had no choice but to leave the tent behind as he followed the granddaughter’s lead.



***



Once Luisen left, the insides of the tent became silent. The Eastern Great Lord looked down at Morrison and Carlton wordlessly. Morrison and Carlton couldn’t speak unless the Lord spoke first, so they had to wait.

What does he want to say after dragging the time like that? Suddenly a pouch, full of gold coins, fell with a sharp thud before the inquisitor and mercenary.

“This is payment for supporting the Duke of Anies thus far.”

“We didn’t do it for money,” Carlton replied.

“It’s an honor beyond everything for someone like you, with such a poor status in life, to have guided and been invited to travel with a duke. Still, wouldn’t it be worthwhile to take something tangible with you at least? Especially you.” The Eastern Great Lord looked at Carlton with clear contempt.

Carlton promptly noticed that gaze, but simply bit his lips.

“Actually, if it were up to me, I would have chased punks like you away. How dare a dog raised by the first prince try to curry favor in my presence.”





* * *





TL: Well then. Brave of him to say that to Carlton…a known noble butcher.





Chapter 93


Chapter 93



How dare a peasant mercenary ridicule the aristocracy and reverse the natural order of one’s birthright? The situation itself was unacceptable; the fact that Carlton was allowed to run wild made the Great Lord uncomfortable.

How many nobles had left their hometowns in order to request protection, frightened by the mercenary’s existence? Considering their pitiful situation, it wouldn’t be enough to place Carlton in jail right now and order the knights to torture the man.

“However, Duke Anies relied on you immensely. I’m accepting you all for his sake, so don’t act rashly.”

“Yes, Understood,” Carlton replied, relatively tranquilly. The Eastern Great Lord’s words were sharp, but this was not disgraceful compared to the humiliation he usually experienced at the hands of other nobles. Anyway, it wasn’t worth summoning a beating by running his mouth. And, as the Great Lord said, it would behoove him to be conscious of Luisen’s position.

The Eastern Great Lord waved his hands. At that gesture, a servant said, “Let us leave now.”

Carlton and Morrison couldn’t utter a word of complaint even though the conversation was so one-sided. The two bowed politely to the lord who no longer even looked at them and turned around.

Suddenly, the Eastern Great Lord opened his mouth, “Come to think of it, I’ve been hearing an incredibly absurd rumor. About *you* and Duke Anies,” he said scornfully. 1

Carlton turned and looked back at the older noble.

“According to those rumors, he’s been treating you in a special manner. Don’t be mistaken, though. There have been many deluded fools who have lost themselves to fantasies after the Duke showed brief interest in them. He’s the type to become tired of anything easily–and that goes for people as well.”

The Eastern Great Lord seemed to say, ‘Don’t think you’re so special.’ Carlton clenched his fist involuntarily; his trembling palms became white with tension. He was able to endure accusations that he’d been acting for money–he was fine with being treated like a stray dog…but it was hard to bear any negative slights towards Luisen.

Morrison looked anxious; he was ready to block with his body if Carlton were to rush forward. Earlier, as they had breakfast, Luisen slyly warned Morrison to stop Carlton at all costs if Carlton was unable to stand the Eastern Great Lord’s rhetoric. The young lord said the older noble had no one in command who could stop the mercenary.

But, contrary to Morrison’s and Luisen’s expectations, Carlton lowered his eyes. All the anger and contempt boiling within him was hidden by his eyelids. “Thank you for your advice, my lord. I shall keep that in mind.”

Carlton did not forget to maintain customary courtesy towards those of higher status until he left the tent. His insides burned as if he had swallowed a fireball, but the mercenary endured while thinking of Luisen.



***



The Eastern Great Lord reopened the banquet in the evening. Though Luisen had no intention of enjoying himself at the banquet, he could not excuse himself from the festivities as it was held to welcome Luisen’s arrival.

Although he ate delicious food and drank precious, expensive alcohol, his heart felt uncomfortable throughout the night. Carlton and Morrison were not at the banquet even though they were in the same party. No one else thought that strange, and only Luisen felt uneasy the entire time.

The festivities continued into the night. Though the young lord narrowly managed to escape the Eastern Great Lord and the other noble’s grasps, he was found by maids who came and pushed Luisen into a tent. He couldn’t shake off the weak maids; he entered the tent in a state of disarray as he had been forced to drink a significant amount of alcohol just a short while previously.

‘I was going to go see Carlton…’

Luisen flopped into the bed. Though the mattress seemed quite simple, the wool made it fluffy. This was heaven compared to sleeping on a cape on bare ground, but the loneliness made the young lord feel empty. When he asked the maids where his companions were they informed him that Carlton and Morrison were assigned to a separate accommodation and were resting as well.

The Eastern Great Lord was a man who observed the strict standards of one’s status, so the young lord knew that, when he joined the older noble’s party, he wouldn’t be able to cling to his companions as he did before. However, now no one was around, Luisen felt so lonely.

‘If I don’t go, Carlton is sure to sneak out at night to come find me… I’ll just have to wait.’

When Carlton came, Luisen resolved to comfort the man so that he would forget what the older noble said. The young lord was sure nothing good came out of the Eastern Great Lord’s mouth.

Luisen rubbed his sleepy eyes; he slapped his thighs in order to keep himself awake for Carlton’s arrival. However, the mercenary did not come even after dawn broke. In the end, Luisen could not overcome the power of alcohol and fell asleep.



***



The next day:

The Eastern Great Lord’s party prepared for an early start. Following the older noble, Luisen climbed into the Eastern Great Lord’s carriage.

The young lord had no need to lift a single finger in this journey–everything was taken care of by the maids. Delicious food and warm tea were always prepared. The older noble’s carriage was steady and comfortable, and the other nobles riding along joked and bantered so that Luisen wouldn’t feel too bored.

Luisen used to take such luxurious trips for granted, but now he felt somewhat awkward.

After traveling like that for the entire day, resting, the group once again set up tents and prepared to spend the night. Once again, the Eastern Great Lord hosted a grand dinner, so Luisen was occupied until the depths of the night.

After the banquet finished, the exhausted young lord entered his tent and stretched out on his bed. This scene was similar to the previous night.

‘For some reason… I think he’s doing this on purpose.’ Luisen whispered to himself. The young lord’s perceptive eye had matured a little on this trip, and he gleaned that the Eastern Great Lord was deliberately keeping him from his companions.

Luisen missed Carlton and was worried about him. He resolved to find the mercenary when he found the time. As the young lord rode in the carriage, his gaze looked out the window the whole time. And, when the carriage stopped, he wandered around, searching for the mercenary.

However, before he could even walk around properly, he frequently had no choice but to return to the carriage as he was interrupted by various nobles or servants. One time, around lunch, Luisen spotted Morrison helping a few servants in the distance and tried to approach. But, before Luisen could get close, a nearby knight said something to him and dragged him away. The Eastern Great Lord even called upon Luisen from time to time, nagging away.

As a result, Luisen had been unable to see Carlton since yesterday.

‘…There’s no way Carlton was chased away and kicked out…right?’

Carlton wasn’t the type to obediently let himself be kicked out alone, and Morrison would probably have informed the young lord earlier if that were the case. The mercenary was surely somewhere in this large encampment.

‘To think I’ve spent an entire day away from Carlton. Unbelievable’

Just yesterday the two traveled together as if they were one body and soul. Though the Eastern Great Lord’s carriage was of the highest quality–it shook less and was quite plush–it couldn’t compare to Carlton’s arms.

The young lord struggled with this empty feeling and, once again, he waited for Carlton to come that night. However, even as the night deepened, no one visited him. The mercenary could certainly have avoided others’ eyes on the way to Luisen’s bed; it dawned on the young lord that the mercenary didn’t try to come see him yesterday or today.

‘Is something wrong?’

Did he really hear something horrible from the older noble? Is that why he’s keeping to himself? Carlton had a large ego and sense of pride, but, at the same time, his self-esteem could be delicate.

‘I can’t let this lie. I suppose I’ll have to go find him.’ Luisen jumped to his feet. Since the tent was a simple construction, it wasn’t difficult to sneak out. He crawled out of the tent, careful to not jostle the central pillar and make it collapse. The tent looked a bit misshapen afterwards, and his clothes became covered in dirt, but he didn’t care. Carlton would accept him even if he rolled around in mud.

The thought of meeting the mercenary made his steps light; where there’s a will, there’s a way. As soon as Luisen popped out of his tent, Morrison also popped out of somewhere.

“My god. What are you doing here?” Luisen asked, startled.

“I was searching around for suspicious people. What about you, my duke?”

“I came out to look for Carlton. What good fortune to meet you now–where is he?”

“Ah…” Morrison adopted a vague expression.

“What is it? Is something wrong? Do you perhaps not know where Carlton is either?”

“No–I know, but…”

“Then, guide me to him.”

Morrison couldn’t win against Luisen’s frown, so he took the young lord to a dark, open space as if he had no other option.

There was an ongoing scuffle–Carlton, armorless, was fighting barehanded with four armed knights. Anyone could see that the knights had started this unjustified duel.

Carlton looked to be the overwhelming victor, but the situation seemed too dangerous and disadvantageous for him in Luisen’s eyes. Holding a sword against an unarmed opponent…wasn’t that basically declaring one’s intent to stab the other to death?!

“What are you all doing!” Luisen roared thunderously.

Carlton flinched and let go of one of the knights’ collars. Luisen strode past him, placing the mercenary behind him, and looked at the knights. “For knights to attack one person in a group like that…Aren’t you ashamed? Which noble here carries around honorless knights like you all?”

“No, we were just…”

Well. They were getting beaten one-sidedly. The knights were embarrassed and looked wrong, but they couldn’t make any excuses either. After all, how shameful was it to jointly attack an unarmed person?

“Name the lord you serve,” Luisen commanded.

“E-esteemed Duke. Please have mercy…”

“Do as they say–just let them go,” Carlton said.

“But these people just attacked you.”

“I’ve won anyway. And, I wouldn’t want this to become a bigger incident.”

When Carlton, the person involved, said all that, Luisen couldn’t hold onto his anger. “Leave–get lost. I’ll keep all your faces in mind,” the young lord said, scornfully.

“Y-yes. Thank you so much. Thank you, Duke.” The knights ran away without looking back. Morrison had already vanished from the scene, leaving only Luisen and Carlton in this dark, open space.





* * *





TL: T-T Carlton’s grown a lot too.





Footnotes




네놈 is a way to say “you” with a scornful, derisive tone. There’s really no address in English that has that inherent derision, sadly





Chapter 94


Chapter 94



“Those wicked men. Does it make sense for a group of knights to attack one man?” Still angry, Luisen looked back at Carlton…though, since Carlton was the unilateral victor, he was perfectly fine. The young lord knew Carlton was inhumanly strong, but his startled heart had yet to calm down.

‘How dare those people point blades at my Carlton!?’

“Tell me. Were there many people like them? Do the men here bother you? Who? Bring them all! I’ll teach them a lesson!” Luisen raged.

“There won’t be many fools here who would exchange blades with my Duke.” Unlike Luisen, who was furious and unable to release his anger, Carlton was calm. As if this was an everyday experience. That…wasn’t like Carlton at all.

“Did something happen?”

“Nothing much happened.”

No–the young lord was sure something had happened. Luisen looked anxiously at his companion. Carlton, in turn, tried to be tranquil but failed and looked like a man that had lost all energy. “By any chance, did the Eastern Great Lord say anything to you?”

The older noble was well known for being someone who could tear a person’s heart apart with a single flap of the tongue. How bad must Carlton, who was already a prideful person, feel to hear pure hate from someone like the Eastern Great Lord, who probably didn’t even consider, nor treat, the mercenary as another human being?

“I shouldn’t have left you and Morrison alone. I should have stayed with you.”

Carlton shook his head when Luisen kept blaming himself. “It’s alright.”

“Then, why do you look so down?” Luisen cupped Carlton’s cheek. Carlton leaned slightly into the young lord’s hand without responding. As the other’s soft touch gently caressed his cheek, Carlton wanted to tell him all about how hard the day was and how much he missed Luisen. However, he didn’t want to appear weak in front of Luisen, so he simply closed his mouth without saying anything.

He knew people would reject him, but this was more than he imagined.

Although the nobles disregard him as a lowborn peasant, they also treated him as if he were a violent criminal–a rapist, etc. The aristocracy underneath the Eastern Great Lord’s wing and the first prince…they were all the same.

Still, the nobles on the first prince’s side were at least aware of the mercenary’s usefulness; they knew that the first prince needed him and kept him in line. Carlton, in turn, knew that the first prince would protect him, so he was able to spread his wings without having to be too wary of the people around him.

However, here the Eastern Great Lord was openly at odds with the first prince, so Carlton was detested even more as the first prince’s hands and feet.

Carlton did nothing–rather, he kept quiet–but the nobles kept pouring out all their scorn and contempt at him. The knights constantly jeered and quarreled with him; the servants clearly showcased their discomfort at his presence as they avoided him.

He wasn’t even given a tent let alone a proper meal; Carlton was homeless. Even so, since Luisen said that he was part of the young lord’s party, he at least was afforded this little grace. Otherwise, the mercenary would have been hung upside-down, beaten, and dumped in a random field.

After spending a day with the Eastern Great Lord’s entourage, Carlton acknowledged the reality that faced him.

The winds of misfortune still blew over him. He had made countless contributions, but his effort was yet to be recognized; he made his name known to the world, but the fact of his identity as a lowborn mercenary remained the same. As his notoriety soared, it was clear that many people bearing numerous grudges against him would devour the mercenary if the protection of his powerful benefactors, whether that was the first prince or Luisen, disappeared.

This was a matter of survival. And, it was more advantageous for his survival for him to remain next to the first prince than to stand by Luisen. He had already achieved much for the first prince’s cause, and the prince had more use for a mercenary.

Realistically speaking, Carlton’s future direction became increasingly clear. If they were going to break up anyway, perhaps it’d be best to neatly clean up and tie away the emotions as well.

Carlton gazed at Luisen. The young lord’s short hair was partially drawn back to reveal the forehead; the young lord’s slim jawline constantly drew attention. Luisen was still looking at the mercenary with anxious eyes–with that unrealistically beautiful face.

The young lord’s beauty made Carlton even more depressed.

“Would you like to come to my tent? No one will be able to do or say anything if you’re accompanying me. Besides, there’s good wine there as well.” Luisen grabbed Carlton by the arm.

The young lord smelled faintly of perfume; Carlton’s heart throbbed. He whispered to himself, ‘A man’s instinct is surely reckless–it makes one want to forgo reality and just follow the heart.’ The mercenary had the urge to hold the young lord in his arms and inhale that perfume scent.

They said that falling in love makes one stupid. Carlton smiled bitterly as he recalled how he laughed at such love-lorn fools.

Then, suddenly, he became curious: what motive or feelings must Luisen have to treat him so kindly? The young lord didn’t need him anymore, but Luisen still came to see him, got angry on his behalf, and took care of him despite the Eastern Great Lord’s disapproval. Luisen never failed to be affectionate towards Carlton either.

What if Luisen felt the same way as him? If the young lord regarded him as a special person, would it be best to rethink this decision?

All these lingering thoughts remained, such as: ‘What should he do if Luisen loves him back?’ To be honest, Carlton thought he wouldn’t do well if he were to stay in a peaceful agricultural territory like the Anies duchy. After all, he was good at fighting–what amazing things could he achieve in the duchy?

Nevertheless, Carlton leaned into the embrace and asked cautiously, “My Duke…What will you do from here on?”

Actually, he wanted to ask something else– ‘What do you think of me?’ and ‘Have you thought about a future with me?’ But, those questions were too straightforward and embarrassing; furthermore, he was afraid of a negative response.

Compared to the mercenary’s complicated, tangled emotions, Luisen’s answer was quite simple, “Hm? After cleaning up my dealings with the first prince and catching the demon worshippers… I suppose I’ll do my job?”

‘Why are you asking me this all of a sudden?’ Luisen was slightly puzzled, but he thought nothing more of it.

Carlton frowned before asking even more cautiously–with more implied nuance, “And then? What will you do when everything is sorted out?”

“Well, I suppose I’ll return to the duchy?”

The young lord hadn’t really formulated any specific plans, but his mind was made up when he received the letter from the General and after seeing the situation in the Eastern side of the kingdom. “As the Great Lord and Master of the duchy, I felt the heavy weight of responsibility. So, as soon as I’m done, I’d like to return to the duchy as soon as possible and fulfill my duties properly.”

Luisen expressed his ambitions confidently, but Carlton’s face still looked incomprehensible, “Then, what about me?”

“You?” Luisen thought a bit more seriously.

Carlton was ambitious and had the talent to support those ambitions. Though his touch was cruel and he was prone to anger, the mercenary had become much softer recently. If Carlton didn’t truly anger those who didn’t like him–and built his base well–he would not disappear from the world and be charged with treason, as had happened before the regression.

‘I’ll try my best to stop the events from the past timeline before returning.’ Luisen thought.

Carlton had been waiting for an answer with an uncharacteristically nervous expression. Luisen thought these questions were quite sudden, but perhaps the mercenary also grew worried as the day they’d reach the capital was quickly approaching. After so many people harassed him during the day, while Luisen was absent, perhaps it was normal to hear such vulnerable emotions from Carlton.

Luisen opened his mouth, “I’m sure the first prince will admit your immense contributions. You’ll probably receive a proper government post and a title. There’s nothing to worry about–after all, you have me.”

“You, my duke?”

“Of course. You’ve been of great help to me, and I’m someone who repays others’ grace. I’ll try my best to help you establish yourself in the royal castle.” Luisen spoke brightly and tried to be convincing to reassure Carlton, but Carlton’s expression hardened and became indescribably cold.

‘So, this person is definitely sure we’ll be parting from each other,’ the mercenary thought.

Luisen is a duke, and Carlton works under the first price. Perhaps the road forward was so clear, the duke naturally never seemed to have any further questions about the upcoming breakup. Even the duke’s words seemed to draw a line in the sand between them.

Carlton took a step back, removing the duke’s hands and embrace. Luisen tried to follow reflexively, but Carlton raised his hand to block the young lord. The mercenary dodged the other’s gaze, as if he couldn’t bear to see Luisen anymore, turned around, and left.

“Carlton…” Luisen called the man’s name, but Carlton never looked back. The young lord felt bewildered; just before the mercenary turned away, he looked hurt. As he saw those trembling eyes, Luisen realized something was wrong.

The young lord reached at air belatedly. Though he couldn’t reach the mercenary, he continued to watch Carlton move away.



***



The next day:

Luisen awoke with a terrible hangover.

After parting ways with Carlton last night, he returned to his tent alone. Since the young lord was supposed to be in the tent all night and appeared now covered with dirt, there was a little pandemonium. Disregarding all that, though, Luisen drank all the wine he had brought out to drink with Carlton by himself, became drunk, and laid languidly on his bed.

Luisen grabbed his spinning head and entered the tent that doubled as the canteen. The Eastern Great Lord was waiting, as if he had been ready to nag at the young lord. “Why do you look like that? I heard you walked around covered in dirt last night. Haven’t I told you to maintain the image of a Great Lord at all times?!”

“Yes, Yes.” Spirit drained, Luisen let the words go in through one ear and spill out the other. The Eastern Great Lord called out his granddaughter and scolded her, dissatisfied with Luisen’s reaction. He shouted that he had ordered her to take care of Luisen–how could she let this happen? He ordered her to apologize and stick by Luisen’s side all day.

The older lord’s scheme to place his granddaughter next to Luisen was obvious, but Luisen let that happen as he was too tired to deal with it. Regardless of the Eastern Great Lord’s schemes, Luisen’s head was full of Carlton.

It felt painful to think of Carlton’s hurt-filled face at their parting.

‘Why was he like that? Did something really happen?’

The issue was, no matter how hard Luisen wracked his brain, he couldn’t figure out the reason behind that pained expression.





* * *





TL: Luisen… Carlton’s heart is like a delicate maiden. You’ve got to be careful with it T_T

Honestly though, what a role swap from the beginning of the novel.





Chapter 95


Chapter 95



Luisen reflected on the previous night’s events.

‘Now that I think about it, he wasn’t in a good mood from the very beginning.’

It wasn’t like Carlton to just send away the knights that had been harassing him. He hadn’t come to see Luisen, and he managed to render himself unnoticeable despite his large stature. Truly, he must be hiding something to save himself.

‘Then, the main culprit must be…’

Luisen looked at the Eastern Great Lord. The older noble was dining on some egg-based dish and looked at Luisen as if he were saying, ‘What’s wrong? Why are you staring at me?’

‘That’s right. This person is someone that could make Carlton act weirdly.’

“What did you say to my party in my absence?”

The Eastern Great Lord frowned slightly at Luisen’s direct question, “Apparently you met that punk last night. Didn’t he tell you everything?”



“If he had, would I be asking you right now?”



“I simply told him to mind his manners. Since I had accepted them as part of my party, I believe I can ask that much from him.”

‘There’s no way he said something so gentle?’ As Luisen stared, the Eastern Great Lord added to his statement, as if nothing could be helped, “I also mentioned a strange rumor that circulated regarding you two.”

“Ah–Do you mean our flight of love?”

“You knew about it?”

“Yes, I’ve heard about it.”

Morrison had already informed the young lord about the rumor’s existence. Luisen had dismissed it as mere groundless gossip that might circulate the streets, but, if the Great Lord all the way in the eastern region of the kingdom knew about it, how far did this rumor travel?

“And you still chased after that man in the middle of the night even if you knew that such a rumor existed?”

“Everyone important will know that rumor is false.” Luisen was dumbfounded. It was obvious that the person who had made up this rumor didn’t know Carlton very well. How could an ambitious man like the mercenary run away due to love? Carlton lived fiercely and was proud of his life’s achievements. He wasn’t romantic enough to throw all of that away for just ‘love.’

“Why in the world are you and the men surrounding you always the subject of rumors?” The Eastern Great Lord grumbled.

“What else was there?”

“There were wagging tongues about that traitor!”

“What? Ruger and I? Well, that doesn’t make any sense…”

“Enough with this talk!” The Eastern Great Lord waved his hands, as if he loathed hearing anything. “This is all because you’re unmarried.”

‘Honestly–how did the topic change to that?’ Luisen thought.

“You should meet and marry a lady from a prestigious family and have many children! It’s an obligation for people like us to leave many descendants. You have to continue your family line,” he said, grandiosely.

""



As the Eastern Great Lord showed signs of gearing up to make a speech, Luisen tried to listen with only one ear, as usual.

However, suddenly, the other noble adopted a serious and sincere expression. “How about my granddaughter?”

“What?” Luisen was flustered. Did he mean the granddaughter he scolded just now? The granddaughter he ordered to attend to Luisen all day? Even now, she was busily preparing tea next to the young lord. Certainly, it must be embarrassing to hear about marriage matters, but she calmly poured the tea into a teacup.

It seemed that the Eastern Great Lord must have talked about this match before–to some extent.

“I still haven’t thought about getting married yet…”

Before regression, Luisen was too absorbed with himself; even after joining this timeline, he was busy solving the issues that popped up before him.

“Think about it seriously. You are close in age and in family status–there won’t be a better marriage match than this. Your household needs more bodies, and you are the only direct descendent. You must hurry.”

“There are too many things I must take care of, first.”

“I don’t mean you must have a wedding immediately. Considering the current situation, we must prepare for a national funeral before winter passes.”

Luisen nodded–he also knew well that the King’s condition was grave.

The Eastern Great Lord continued, “After the new king’s coronation ceremony, you’ll want to return to your duchy before spring arrives, correct? Let’s talk and settle the matter before then.”

Though there was nothing fundamentally wrong with the Eastern Great Lord’s words, Luisen felt he couldn’t keep up with the flow of the conversation.

Luisen was someone who lived in the moment. The future was blank to him since, out of habit, he never thought deeply about it. Right now, he merely drafted a rough timeline of defeating the demon worshippers, going back to his home city, and living well.

In other words, his mind came up empty.

“Of course. Just think about it.”

Luisen shut his mouth without responding. Marriage, huh? If he wanted to give up his playboy, trashy ways, he must think about marriage, but he couldn’t stop procrastinating. His lips wouldn’t utter, ‘I’ll think about it,’ as Carlton’s face suddenly came to mind.

‘Mm, why am I suddenly thinking about Carlton?’

In any case, perhaps the culprit behind Carlton’s uncharacteristically heartbroken appearance wasn’t related to the Eastern Great Lord’s scolding. If so, then Luisen realized that he or something he said yesterday must be the culprit.

The Eastern Great Lord nagged for a long while–Luisen was submerged in nagging hell where each complaint would summon even more nagging for the older man. Even the attending maidservants gave Luisen pitying looks. However, Luisen did not notice; he was lost in thought.

What exactly had hurt his feelings?

Carlton had a delicate side, contrary to his appearance. He noticed small interactions that others would pass over easily; he was also good at looking at others’ faces and matching their speed. As someone who lived his entire life balancing on a tightrope, he had to be twice as sensitive as others.

However, Luisen was the opposite. The young lord had changed a lot as he experienced the bitterness of life, but he was still ignorant in interpersonal matters. His habit of not concerning himself with others’ emotions had not yet been rectified.

No matter how much the young lord wracked his brain and tried to read the incomprehensible lines in Carlton’s body language, it was still difficult to fully understand the mercenary, who had been born into bitterness.

‘Who knows!!’ he wailed internally.

However, Luisen had learned from the saint what he should do at this time. If he has no answer, he could ask someone else he knew well instead of hastily guessing.

‘Fine. After eating breakfast, let’s look for Carlton.’

Since the matter involved Carlton’s heart, Carlton should know best, shouldn’t he? The young lord had made up his mind, but the day didn’t go as Luisen had planned. Towards the end of breakfast, a servant entered the tent. They informed the nobles present that a noble of a nearby territory had asked to see the Eastern Great Lord. The noble in question was merely a poor viscount, but the meeting was allowed since the noble was the cousin of an aristocrat that was in the Eastern Great Lord’s good graces.

So, Luisen also had to accompany the Eastern Great Lord to this unexpected meeting.

The noble was an extravagant man who had adorned himself with jewels all over his body. “Good morning, my Dukes. I am called Roks Boton. I have recently been titled the Viscount and now rule over the Boton territory.”

“So, you’re the new Viscount Boton? I heard that there was a great catastrophe in your estate not too long ago.” The Eastern Great Lord said.

“Yes, thankfully, with your grace, I was able to endure safely.”

As someone that loathed creating enemies in the East, the Great Lord acted quite generously, and the Viscount Boton muttered flatteries with his tongue smoothly, as if it had been coated in oil.

From the side, Luisen stared at the viscount quietly. Even though this was the first time they had met, the man somehow felt familiar.

‘Viscount Boton… Boton… Where have I heard that name… Ah!’

The three knights Carlton had knocked over! He had definitely heard that the three knights that were killed and used as ghouls by the demon worshippers were the knights of the Boton estate.

‘Rumors stated he left his territory and ran away…But he’s alright?’

He had a dull complexion and wore incredibly thick makeup to cover it. Still, the man’s limbs were intact and his skin was plump and bouncy. If Carlton had seen the Viscount Boton, he would have sneered and said the razing of his estate couldn’t have happened to a better person.

“To be frank, I had come to see you despite my shabby appearance because I had an earnest question to ask. I’m sorry to bother your busy selves like this, but, since you were passing by my territory, I couldn’t let this opportunity pass by.”

‘So, now the Viscount’s main point is about to appear? He’s going to leave behind his territory and vassals and entrust himself into the Eastern Great Lord’s circle, isn’t he?’

Luisen made sarcastic remarks inwardly, but, unexpectedly, Viscount Boton’s words contradicted his cynical thoughts. “My mansion is less than half a day from here. As you’ve been on a rough journey for the sake of our country, I’d like to offer my abode for one night.”

‘Huh? You want to invite us to your mansion? Didn’t you run away from your estate?’ Luisen, who originally had no intention of speaking up, had no choice but to ask, “I’ve heard something about your situation… Can you, at this time, really entertain guests?”

“I was away from my territory for a short while, but everything is alright now. Of course, what I have may not be enough to satisfy your esteemed selves, but I will do my best to host.” Far from being agitated, Viscount Boton became even more confident.

The Eastern Great Lord must have been pleased with that self-composed answer, he chuckled, “Your heart and sincerity is quite praise-worthy. Very well, I’ll stay at your mansion for one night.” He readily agreed to the Viscount’s request.

Luisen whispered quietly so that only the Eastern Great Lord could hear, “Is that alright? We must go to the royal palace as soon as possible.”

“It shall be fine. This old man’s body cannot keep up with such a fast pace–how could anyone fault me for that? If we hurry, we’ll be dealing with my funeral first rather than his Majesty’s.”

Luisen groaned–he knew this would happen. Though their journey had been somewhat luxurious so far, the Eastern Great Lord was very dissatisfied that they had to set up camp and sleep in tents in the middle of a field. Though, to be fair, traveling is quite hard on the elderly.

In any case, even if the mansion may be simple, the Eastern Great Lord found no reason to reject sleeping in the noble’s home. Moreover, he found the Viscount Boton, who came to find them in order to treat them, admirable.

From the Viscount’s position, it may be natural to actively create an opportunity to foster some sort of relationship with the two dukes simultaneously.

Though this was an advantageous situation in various ways, Luisen still felt uncomfortable. Was that because he kept thinking about the knights on the bridge? Was his discomfort due to the way that they had died while being used by the demon worshippers?

However, since the demon worshippers’ existence was being kept secret, Luisen had no choice but to shut his mouth. It was impossible to sway the Eastern Great Lord’s heart just by saying that the young lord felt uncomfortable.





* * *





TL: I gotta say, with all the complaints the Eastern Great Lord has about Luisen…the fact that he’s also saying “MARRY MY GRANDDAUGHTER” is … amusing? Strange? despicable? I’m not sure what word I should use here!





Chapter 96


Chapter 96

The Eastern Great Lord’s party had switched direction towards the Viscounts Boton’s Mansion. The people seemed to be delighted thinking about sleeping in a proper bed for the first time in a long while; similarly, they looked forward to the dinner Viscount Boton promised.

In the midst of this excited atmosphere, Luisen continued to follow along while feeling a strange sense of uneasiness. He had told the Eastern Great Lord that they should be cautious, but the older man simply criticized the young lord for being picky for no good reason.

Naturally, the older lord had felt no crisis since he was ignorant of the demon worshiper’s existence; he had no idea that Luisen was a target. Besides, his knights all had outstanding talent, and the nobles in his group had also brought along a considerable number of soldiers.

Regardless of Luisen’s concerns, the entire procession arrived at the city where the mansion was supposedly located. After passing through agricultural land, the village boasted blacksmiths and grain warehouses. And, in front of a small church, was Viscount Boton’s mansion, the headquarters for the territory’s governance.

It was just a normal manor, neither small nor large. Viscount Boton’s mansion was, as expected, typical of a provincial aristocrat’s home. However, the flowers that decorated the building–especially placed for the sake of the two Great Lords, were eye-catching.

Everything seemed normal. ‘Was I being paranoid?’ Luisen lowered his vigilance.

The Viscount declared that he’d hold a banquet in the evening, and, until then, everyone was given time to rest freely. Luisen left his designated room and wandered around, looking for Carlton.

‘Carlton~ where are you…?’ The young lord eagerly shuffled here and there, but the mercenary could not be found. There were only useless and burdensome nobles that tried to cling onto him. At that moment, Luisen coincidentally happened upon Morrison.

Morrison was with the servants. Though only three days have passed since they joined the Eastern Great Lord’s entourage, the inquisitor naturally incorporated himself into the servant’s group as if he were a native of the area. They exchanged jokes with each other like close friends.

‘Even if he looks so jovial and casual like that, he’s probably digging for information on anything suspicious.’

Luisen felt goosebumps travel up his spine; it was difficult to reconcile his current appearance with the cruel inquisitor who calmly stated he had demolished a demon worshiper’s ankle.

“Morrison.”

“Ah, my Duke!”

“I wanted to ask you something.”

As soon as Luisen approached, the other servants quickly bowed and scuttled off to someplace else.

“Do you know where Carlton is?”

“Carlton is….” Morrison looked over Luisen’s shoulder. His eyes met with another pair of gleaming pupils behind the lush trees–those eyes had the fierce glare of a predator staring at prey. That was Carlton.

Actually, Carlton had been following the young lord all day. Since he had been at a distance and dampened his aura, no one had noticed him. The Eastern Great Lord’s knights were all powerful, but none were as outstanding as the mercenary.

Last night, after parting with Luisen, Carlton couldn’t pull himself together for quite a while. It was his first time liking someone so deeply, but he couldn’t confess properly and was dumped instead.

The pain of a broken heart was worse than he had imagined. He would rather fight trolls for three days and two nights consecutively. Carlton, who was used to enduring pain, found it difficult to withstand the tearing ache inside his chest. This was the first time he understood why people might want to drink cheap but potent alcohol.

‘Didn’t he like me?’

They had never defined their relationship; they didn’t even say they liked each other. However, Carlton thought there was something special between Luisen and himself–like they were lovers.

‘How could he talk about breaking up so casually?’

Carlton couldn’t understand and buried his head in his palms. ‘Then, why did he accept all those kisses? Was he playing with me?’ He jumped to his feet, angered.

‘…No. He’s not such a horrible person. It’s just…his heart wasn’t as smitten as mine, I suppose.’

Then, what about the time they spent together? Despairing, Carlton squatted down.

‘Am I that unattractive?’ As Carlton became more depressed, his body drooped. He repeated the same thoughts and actions like a madman. As a result, he stayed up all night.

By the time the sun rose, the mercenary was utterly exhausted and his head was spinning coldly in circles.

‘What a pathetic sight I must make…’

Luisen’s emotions were not as deep as his, so it would be foolish to stake his life on this love. He had to wake up now and take care of his own life. He promised himself that he would no longer be swayed by the young lord.

However, after preparing his mind, he suddenly thought, ‘I sent him home alone yesterday. Did he return to his tent well?’

Of course, he must have returned well; it wasn’t a long distance, and there were others around. If something had happened to Luisen, there would have been pandemonium long ago.

As he tried to be calm and objective, his brain crafted its own counterarguments.

‘However, can I really trust that if I haven’t seen his safe return directly?’

Thinking back to what Luisen had experienced so far…. While running through the woods alone at night, he almost died by a goblin’s hand; he fell behind during an excursion and was surrounded by a mob; he was almost kidnapped by Ruger…kidnapped by Morrison.

An incident occurred every time he took his eyes off the young lord. But, it wasn’t like things were safe even if Luisen stayed still. After all, the young lord repeatedly broke Carlton’s expectations, and now the mercenary didn’t know what to expect.

As his thoughts swirled to a climax, Carlton became incredibly anxious. ‘I don’t suppose there’s an incident happening at this very moment, right?’ If he thought rationally, how could Luisen, who was in the midst of the Great Eastern Lord’s party and receiving the best protection, be in danger? However, anxiety wasn’t something that could be quenched through reason.

Eventually, Carlton sneaked into Luisen’s tent at dawn, escaping the public eye. The young lord, who was drunk, was sleeping quite deeply while exuding the scent of wine. The young lord’s sleeping face was tranquil and lovely, and it felt as if the pain that had plagued him all night had melted away.

Carlton stared at Luisen’s face for a long while before quietly leaving the tent when he heard servants moving outside.

‘Since I saw that he was fine, that’s enough.’

It had to be enough.

Obviously, that should have been enough, but, when the mercenary returned to his senses, he kept hovering around Luisen.

‘He’s sure to have a bad hangover–what if he falls down?’

‘He’s extra spaced out today–what if he wanders away from the group like that?’

‘It’s the first time he’s arriving at Viscount Boton’s mansion. How could I leave him alone in a strange place?’

He kept making excuses.

Luisen was not alone; he had servants and knights to take care of him. But, Carlton still couldn’t take his eyes off the young lord, like a mother who had left her child at the riverbank, floating on water.

Furthermore, how was the young lord even prettier today? Unlike usual, his cold eyes exuded a sense of superiority. The young lord’s hidden audience’s heartstrings were tugged even more.

‘Once we reach the capital, it’ll be hard to see this sight anyway…’

Carlton continued to chase Luisen around, giving himself new excuses simultaneously. He was glad to see that the young lord was also wandering around looking for him. His heart overflowed with the thought that perhaps the young lord’s actions meant that Luisen still needed him and cared about him.

‘Didn’t I decide to give up? Shouldn’t I take this moment to try and find a way out of his embrace instead of chasing him around?’

His cool, objective rationality warned him, but his body replied, ‘Hm, who knows? Who cares? I’m going to continue to watch Luisen,’ before moving almost automatically.

What was he doing? Carlton felt a deep shame. It’s one thing for a small dog, but it was disgusting for a grown man to follow another man around.

And, Morrison caught him in the act. Carlton’s shame reached its peak as soon as his eyes locked with Morrison’s; the inquisitor hesitated, unsure whether or not he should tell Luisen of this matter.

The mercenary quickly gestured with his hands: he pointed at Morrison with his index finger and pretended to slit his throat with his thumb.

‘If you speak, I’ll kill you.’

Morrison felt a stream of cold sweat run down his back at the terrifying warning. Though the vicious energy must have passed behind the young lord, Luisen didn’t even notice. The young lord’s obliviousness was a grand thing.

Morrison did not see what had happened the previous nights, as he left the two alone. He was simply someone that loved others’ romance vicariously; he wasn’t a voyeur.

However, looking at their behavior today, he could sense that something had happened.

He thought, ‘Something I said to Carlton pretty thoughtlessly in the past was a problem, huh…’

Morrison sincerely liked seeing Carlton and Luisen together. ‘There will be difficulties in your future, so I hope you overcome them well!’ He sincerely meant that, with no malice at all. He had no idea that what he said so casually would turn into the source of a conflict. The inquisitor had overlooked that Carlton was more delicate than his appearance would suggest and that Luisen was a bit socially oblivious.

“What are you looking at?” Since Morrison kept looking at the distant mountain range, Luisen also looked back. However, all he could see was a thick thicket of trees and nothing else.

“Ah, nothing. How fortunate–there was something I wanted to ask my Duke. I wondered how I should send my message to you, but I’m glad you’ve come to me first.” Morrison chose to quickly change the subject. Before Luisen could notice anything strange, Morrison rapidly took something out of his pocket.

He held the identity cards of the gang of knights who had occupied the bridge as highway bandits, died, and then were manipulated by demon worshippers before being abandoned. The inquisitor had stored these keepsakes separately after disposing of the corpses-turned-ghouls.

“Would you give these to the Viscount? As the knights served under him, the lord may know if the men left behind any bereaved family. I believe it would be more appropriate for the Duke to do this than me.”

“Ah, of course.” Though Luisen’s party wasn’t the one to kill Viscount Boton’s knights, it would still be difficult for Morrison, a commoner, to demand an audience with the viscount himself. He could also be falsely accused of murdering them.

If Luisen were to deliver the keepsake, Viscount Boton would not be able to pick faults recklessly.

“And, I’d like you to carefully observe Viscount Boton’s reaction as you deliver this,” Morrison continued.

“His reaction?”

“Yes. It’s quite strange that a knight of a decent, normal territory would commit robbery. I’m still a bit stuck on the fact that the demon worshippers chose to use those knights.”

“I see. The banquet will begin shortly, so I’ll hand this to him there and observe his reactions for you.”

“I’m counting on you, my lord.”

Luisen packed up the knight’s keepsakes; it was time for him to return to his room and prepare for the evening banquet. “I’ll be on my way now. If you see Carlton, please tell him to come see me.”

“Ah….”

The young lord did not forget to ask what had been on his mind. Once Luisen disappeared, so too did Carlton.

‘Right then…Just behind you… Carlton was there…’ The truth that Morrison couldn’t spout merely tumbled around in his mouth.



* * *





TL: Carlton, what my teenaged younger sister does when she’s heartbroken is to eat an entire pint of Ben and Jerry’s by herself. Have you considered doing that?





Chapter 97


Chapter 97



Feeling a bit regretful, Luisen wandered around more but still couldn’t find Carlton. The young lord then trudged down the corridor, despondent.

‘Honestly, how was it so difficult to find him? I deliberately searched for Carlton in places he was likely to be–places where there were no people–but I still couldn’t find him.’

‘Is he avoiding me?’

Luisen suddenly paused in the middle of walking.

Despite the fact that there were many people within this traveling group, it was strange that he still couldn’t find the mercenary. And, considering that Carlton never came to find him, the suspicion that the mercenary was avoiding him became more certain.

‘Hmm… What to do…’

Carlton seemed angrier at him than Luisen thought. The young lord sighed deeply. ‘Where did it all go wrong?’ he thought. With all his might, Luisen tried to think, but his concentration was interrupted by a thudding noise.

‘What? Is there a mouse scurrying around somewhere?’

Luisen looked around, annoyed. There was no one else in the hallway. Only a red carpet and a tapestry embroidered with Boton’s symbol stuck to the wall. Maybe the incoming dusk added to the atmosphere, the empty hallway looked especially creepy.

He suddenly recalled how he had been attacked by Ruger’s gang in the abandoned village a few days ago.

‘Why am I suddenly thinking about that? And, has it gotten a bit cold?’ Luisen futilely rubbed his arms.

“My Duke!” At the far end of the corridor, some maids rushed to him.

They had been anxiously searching for the young lord, worried that he had snuck out to search for Carlton. Surrounding the young lord, they said tearfully, “Where did you go without telling us?”

“If my Duke goes around alone like this, we shall be scolded by our Lord. Please, feel free to command us if you need anything.”

As the maids appealed to him with tears in their eyes, Luisen felt quite sorry.

“You’ve found the Duke then?” The Eastern Great Lord’s knights, who were tasked with escorting Luisen, and Viscount Boton appeared, one after another. The maids must have asked for help from various locations to find the young lord. Luisen simply walked around the mansion by himself–what’s with all this mess?

However, things had worked out; Luisen had business with Viscount Boton. “Give me a brief moment of your attention. I have something to say to you.”

“Me?” Luisen’s words must have surprised the Viscount Boton–his eyes opened wide. “What is the matter…? Was there something strange in the mansion?”

“Hm? Ah, no. I just wanted to hand this over to you.” Luisen handed the Viscount a small pouch–exactly what Morrison had given him earlier.

The Viscount took the pouch with an anxious expression and loosened the strings. The identity plaques of the three dead knights were inside.

“What…Is this?” Viscount Boton asked, puzzled.

“It’s your knights’ identity cards. Don’t you recognize them?”

A knight’s identity card looked different from that of an ordinary citizen. The Arms of the Boton family were stamped atop the surface, and spears, symbolizing one’s knighthood, were drawn in bronze. There was no way the other wouldn’t recognize this.

When Luisen narrowed his eyes suspiciously at him, the Viscount hurried to explain, “O-Of course. I recognize them. I gave this to them personally, after all. Rather, I meant ‘Why does the Duke have this?’ Do you have any connection with my knights?”

“A few days ago, I met your knights by chance. They had taken over the sole bridge along a path and were demanding a toll from passersby.”

At Luisen’s words, the faces of the knights around him contorted. To think that they would commit robbery after becoming a knight. They were naturally offended by the errant knights’ actions as it undermined the honor of knighthood.

Luisen continued, “At that time, we crossed the bridge safely, but we somehow found them dead in an abandoned village. It was hard to just pass them by, so we cremated them and kept their keepsakes.”

“I see.” Viscount Boton calmly pocketed the pouch. His reaction was completely different than what Luisen had expected. The knights who bore the name of his family committed disgraceful acts; these actions were bound to return disgrace upon the Boton family and the Viscount himself. If someone were to take this maliciously, they could state that the Viscount himself committed robbery against the citizens.

Even if Viscount Boton was not related to this matter, it was clear that he would be harshly ridiculed for being ignorant of his knights’ behaviors and for his inability to control a few knights.

The young lord had expected him to be restless, worried that the story would spread; Luisen had expected him to walk on eggshells around the young lord. Of course Viscount Boton was sneaking glances at him quite a lot, but there was something different in that gaze.

“Is that all you have to say?” the viscount asked.

“That’s right.”

Viscount Boton sighed–a sigh of relief?

That sound got on Luisen’s nerves. “Your knights are dead, and yet you are indifferent?”

“Ah, yes, well. Those men weren’t originally all that loyal. They caused many accidents, and, the last time I saw them, they said they wouldn’t follow my rule and basically threw me away. It’s quite unpleasant to hear they committed robbery under my family’s name, but I can’t punish those men since they’re already dead. I merely was relieved that they weren’t the cause of a larger disaster.”

“Is that so?” Luisen was still suspicious, but the others seemed to be convinced by that explanation.

“We must slowly go and get you ready to attend the banquet, my Duke,” the maids said.

Luisen nodded at their words. “If the bereaved families of the knights want to find their remains, tell them to come find me.”

“I don’t believe such a thing will happen. You can let go of any concerns.”

“Really?”

“Then, I’ll be seeing you later.” Viscount Barton bowed politely and retreated, promising to meet later at the banquet hall. Luisen followed the maids and, after a while, suddenly looked back. Viscount Boton was walking into the distance in this somewhat empty, somewhat lonely corridor. The viscount’s back appeared especially creepy, and the young lord felt chilly, as if a cold wind passed through him.



***



In the evening, the nobles in the Eastern Great Lord’s entourage gathered in the banquet hall–a feast to welcome and celebrate the visit of two Great Lords from the East and South. The nobles didn’t expect much from Viscount Boton’s banquet; after all, the party was prepared on short notice nor was there much staff to maintain his mansion.

However, contrary to expectations, the banquet was actually impressive. The hall was decorated so beautifully–one could even say that the Viscount must have poured his soul into the designs. A sweet and savory scent wafted through the halls. The food was excellent, and the party contained luxurious alcohol that could rarely be seen in these rural territories.

As their expectations were low, the eastern aristocrats were even more satisfied; similarly, the eastern great lord was also pleased that he could boast the power and forward thinking of a fellow noble in his territory in front of Luisen. Everyone greatly enjoyed the celebrations, and an exciting, delightful atmosphere was quickly created.

Meanwhile, the sky completely darkened outside. Carlton sat on a branch, staring silently into the banquet hall through a window. The way the aristocrats were dressed up so prettily and moved back and forth in disciplined, graceful movements made the mercenary feel as if he were watching a theatre play made with dolls.

Other men and women were dressed up to the nines, but only Luisen caught Carlton’s eye. Although the young lord did not adorn himself with any jewelry and his clothes were borrowed, Luisen shined more than those who draped themselves in finery and shining gems. This wasn’t merely Carlton’s blind love speaking 1, the other nobles took sneaky glances at Luisen.

Luisen stood with a bored look on his face; the other’s glances slid off his countenance. Such indifference made Luisen look nobler, but Carlton knew…

‘That expression means he has nothing in his brain.’

‘Why was he being so absent-minded?’ Carlton coughed before suddenly frowning. Another noble–perhaps the same age as Luisen–flirted with the young lord while offering him food. Luisen did not refuse the offer and instead stood there, listening to the person.

‘I told him not to eat food that’s been given by an unknown person! Luisen even smiled during their conversation.’ Flames surged forth in Carlton’s eyes.

‘I can’t even step into the banquet hall, and you’re flirting with someone else because I’m not there?’ He felt as if he were burning up from jealousy. The aristocrat’s hand touched Luisen’s shoulder. Carlton stared viciously, as if he were watching an unfaithful spouse.

The mercenary was about to break into the banquet hall, swearing, but when he saw Luisen push the other away, Carlton frantically reined himself in. The patience he had cultivated during this trip had helped in times like these.

“I’m going crazy.” Carlton threw away branches that he had unwittingly broken and sighed. Luisen hadn’t done anything wrong, but the mercenary felt quite pathetic just observing the young lord having fun alone. How pitiful–to grow angry and be swayed by another like this.



Luisen did not take his future with Carlton seriously–that meant his feelings weren’t so deep. Therefore, Carlton chose reality over love; certainty over uncertainty. He had decided to keep his distance from the young lord and settle his mind before the eventual breakup. His intentions remained unchanged–this was the most reasonable judgment he could make.

Then, why was he acting differently from his plan? There’s nothing stupider than a man who can’t give up after being dumped, and he’s acting just like that kind of fool.

Buried in his own shame, Carlton was about to stop being a peeping tom, when suddenly Luisen sneaked out onto the terrace. The area wasn’t far from the tree that held Carlton. The garden was dark, so Luisen couldn’t find Carlton…but they were close enough to have a conversation.

However, Luisen never behaved according to Carlton’s expectations.

Luisen looked grim as he crossed over the terrace’s railing. Each window of the hall had its own separate terrace. Luisen crossed the railing to climb over to the next terrace.

""



However, problematically, the young lord was seriously not athletic. He had no idea how he should place his feet, but eventually, he grabbed the railing and began to tremble. The banquet hall was on the second floor; the distance to the next terrace would be wide enough for an adult male to cross with one stride, but that was too much for Luisen.

‘Honestly, if you wanted to go there, you should go back through the banquet hall.’ Bewildered at the young lord’s actions, Carlton was dumbfounded that he forgot his resolution and approached Luisen.





* * *





TL: The way Carlton is so disappointed with Luisen eating a ‘stranger’s’ food reminds me of the viral video where a Korean mom is trying to teach her daughter ‘Stranger Danger.’ When the mom asked, “if A strange man asks you to come to get cookies with him, what do you say?” And the daughter keeps on responding “Yes!” or “I like that!”





Footnotes




콩깍지 literally means to hull beans from their cases. Idiomatically (Although I don’t really know the reason why), this means to have one’s eyes only on one person because of love. To love only one person etc.





Chapter 98


Chapter 98



Carlton jumped from the tree to the terrace. Luisen looked up in surprise–a person just popped up in front of him. He frowned like a wary cat before smiling happily when he realized that the person before him was Carlton.

Carlton thought, ‘whoops.’ He was avoiding running into the young lord, but he was so dumbfounded at Luisen’s behavior that he couldn’t help but approach the young lord immediately.

‘You never noticed that I was chasing you, right?’ Carlton thought. But, instead of that sharp question, he bluntly asked, “What in the world are you doing?”

“Ask questions later–can’t you help me? I’m starting to get tired, hm?” Luisen tearfully begged. His arms shook like a newborn deer.

‘This is why I can’t help but be anxious; I can’t tear my eyes away from him.’ What would have happened if the mercenary had left earlier? Carlton sighed inwardly, but stood in front of Luisen.

“Give me your arm.” Carlton grabbed Luisen’s arm and placed it around the mercenary’s neck; Carlton then lifted the young lord as the young lord climbed firmly over the railing. Then, as simply as if he were crossing a small puddle, Carlton leaped with the young lord to the next terrace.

After landing stably, Carlton placed Luisen down on the solid ground–the terrace. However, Luisen did not loosen his hold; instead, he went up on tiptoe and hugged the mercenary with all his might.

“You can let go now,” Carlton said.

Luisen shook his head; his malleable cheeks and soft hair brushed against Carlton’s neck. Carlton’s heart was weakened by that sudden childish show of affection; this was a man he had dearly missed that was now right before his eyes. Luisen, who was warmed from the warmth of the banquet hall, could even heat Carlton’s cold body, which had grown icy from being outside during the entire banquet.

“What’s wrong? Hm? Did something inside upset you?” Carlton asked in a much softer voice. Luisen felt tears surge forth when someone he had been concerned about since last kindly soothed him.

‘The man doesn’t show up when I’m searching for him, but he shows up the minute I give up and attempt to focus on something else? Furthermore, isn’t it cheating to suddenly appear like a hero in my moment of crisis?’ Luisen embraced Carlton even tighter. He had a separate reason for exiting to the terrace, but now he didn’t want to be separated from Carlton, whom he had a hard time meeting. Though his heart felt utterly happy–elated–he also felt equally melancholy for some reason.

“If I release you, won’t you escape to someplace else?”

“No–why would I do something like that?”

“You were avoiding me.”

“Impossible.”

“Then, where have you been all day? Do you know how long I’ve been searching for you?”

Carlton knew–he had been watching. And, even though he knew, Carlton asked, “You searched for me? Why?”

Although he himself thought his question was a bit decietful and hypocritical, he wanted Luisen to confirm his thoughts out loud.

“You left so suddenly yesterday. ‘What happened?’ and ‘What did the Eastern Great Lord say to you,’ these sorts of thoughts swirled around. Do you know how worried I was?” Luisen said.

“That’s… Nothing my duke should be concerned about.”

“Why would you say something so upsetting?”

‘Now, after all that happened, he’s saying he doesn’t want to look after me?’ Luisen leaned his torso back and angrily looked at Carlton. Though the young lord thought of grabbing the mercenary by the collar, he paused since the mercenary’s face looked unexpectedly melancholy.

“My Duke doesn’t need someone like me anymore, correct? You have knights and servants.”

“There’s no way that’s true.” Luisen carefully cupped Carlton’s cheeks with his hands. Carlton placed his hand on Luisen’s wrist but did not push the young lord’s hand away. The way the usually fierce and powerful man lacked strength tugged at Luisen’s heart.

“Why would you compare yourself to others? You’re special to me–I’ve said this before,” Luisen said.

“Is that so.”

Carlton’s ambiguous answer ran close to denial. Luisen had clearly only said good things to him, but why did Carlton have a hurt expression that mirrored last night? Luisen stared at Carlton with a stifled and heavy heart.

Then, Carlton slowly began to speak his innermost thoughts, “…It’s just as you said last night. My duke will return to the duchy, and I’ll stay in the capital. You so certainly confirmed our farewell–how could I be a special person to you?”

“Uh….What?” It was only then that Luisen finally came to a realization–the misunderstanding that lay between them since last night. Luisen had thought Carlton was worried about how to establish himself after they had returned to the capital, and the young lord, in turn, was determined to keep the tragedy from the previous timeline from repeating itself.

However, Carlton had, instead, been worried about their future together. Last night, Carlton’s question wasn’t regarding his ambitions. In retrospect, Luisen’s answer was the absolute worst.

It was as if one person in a couple asked, ‘We’re going to keep seeing each other, right?’ and the other responded, ‘No? Of course we’re going to say our farewells!’ And then, that same person asked their partner to drink alcohol and tried to seduce them. Of course that kind of person would be seen as utter trash!

‘I’m that trash!’ Luisen hurriedly denied, “That’s not what I meant! My answer simply conveyed my desire for your successful future–that’s what I thought you were talking about. I had no idea you were inquiring about something different. You know it too–you know I’m not as perceptive or thoughtful as you are. If you speak in circles like that, I can’t understand…”

At the end, the young lord’s voice shrank in volume and sounded almost tearful. That sight was just so pitiful that, for a moment, Carlton wondered if he had done something wrong. For example, his question may have been too complicated for a simpleton like Luisen. Perhaps he should have paid attention to how distinctly different their personalities were.

“Then, I’ll ask you clearly, this time.” Carlton mustered up his courage. No matter how perceptive the mercenary may be, only Luisen knew the matters of his own heart. “Then, does my Duke believe a future for us is possible?”

“That’s…” Luisen couldn’t answer easily.

‘I’ll only travel to the royal palace once or twice a year. Additionally, there’s no guarantee that Carlton will be in the capital at those times…’

At best, they could meet once a year; at worst, they’ll go several years without seeing each other. However, what if Carlton followed him? As someone who initiated conquest against the duchy, he could not be accepted as a knight of the estate. Furthermore, Luisen could not give him a noble peerage or land–that fell under the king’s authority. If the mercenary followed Luisen, his destiny would be to become a mistress.

On the other hand, if Carlton remains faithful as the first prince’s hands and feet, he’ll continue to be given opportunities to earn victories and remain in the royal family’s service. Alongside a noble peerage and land, he may very well rise to the position of the kingdom’s general.

Of course, there would be no problem if Carlton was granted a title and an estate close to the Anies duchy.

‘But, it’d be difficult for him at this rate…’

The southern region of the Kingdom was very stable due to Luisen’s active efforts after the regression; there were no abandoned territories that had lost their ruling lords. Moreover, the Southern region of the country had arable land that grew crops well. Many eyes coveted this land, and there was no reason nor guarantee that, if a vacancy appeared, such prime real estate would be granted to the mercenary.

In the end, the best way forward for each person, independently, lay distant from each other.

“Still, I don’t want to part from you,” Luisen whined as he leaned his head against Carlton’s chest.

Carlton, in contrast, smiled brightly. ‘He didn’t want to leave me. He wasn’t thinking of me lightly or casually.’

Carlton forgot about all the practical problems that lay between them; he was elated by the fact that Luisen wanted to be with him. The mercenary kissed the young lord on the cheek out of sheer joy.

Luisen looked at Carlton, wondering if the mercenary had been driven insane. “I’m being serious right now.”

“That’s what I’m happy about.”

Luisen looked at Carlton, wondering what he was talking about, and blinked his eyes. He sighed, “…Occasionally, I have a hard time understanding you.”

“It’s the same for me.”

“I see…”

Conversation and communication. How important those things were… The Saint always emphasized that fact. Time and time again, Luisen admired the one-armed saint’s wisdom.

“In any case… I’ll take some time to think about this matter. When I reach the capital, I’ll stay there for a while; there are still demon-worshippers to consider as well. It’s not yet time to agonize over farewells.”

“Yes.”

“I won’t ask you to pretend as if we don’t know each other when we reach the capital. Besides, you’re sure to have subordinates there; you won’t have to walk on eggshells and fight for your life as you did in this group.”

Luisen kissed Carlton sweetly on the lips, trying to soothe the man. Over and over again, clearing away the misunderstandings with each lip smack.

After embracing the young lord for a while, Carlton asked, “By the way, why did you want to cross the railings and climb over to this terrace?”

“Ah! That’s right!”

Because of Carlton’s sudden appearance, Luisen had briefly forgotten why he was here; Luisen had a separate motive than to search for the mercenary. “I was trying to sneak out of the banquet hall without alerting anyone else. No matter what, I believe Viscount Boton is suspicious, and I wanted to investigate.”

Luisen was always in the spotlight; if he tried to leave the banquet hall to complete his own business, the young lord was bound to stand out. Therefore, Luisen excused himself to the terrace by saying he’d like a minute to rest alone. His plan involved climbing to the next terrace without anyone’s notice, hiding behind a pillar, and exiting through a nearby passage used by servants.

Regrettably, the young lord did not include his physical limitations in his calculations, but that meant that this matter was even more urgent to if it could frazzle the young lord into making hasty plans. Even if he had to push himself, it was necessary to investigate Viscount Boton.

“He certainly is quite suspicious.” Carlton, from afar, had also watched Luisen deliver the knights’ keepsakes to the Viscount. At that time, Carlton also thought that the Viscount’s reaction was unusual.

“Right? That’s not all.” Luisen had kept one eye on Viscount Boton throughout the banquet. Now that he had the luck to serve two Great Lords, the Viscount acted suitably aristocratic and courted the attention of these influential nobles and the others in his court. At first glance, nothing was off. However, another noble approached Luisen when they noticed the young Great Lord paying attention to the Viscount.

“Are you talking about the man who was flirting with you, my Duke?”

“That’s right. How did you know?”

“…Anyway, what about him?” Feeling various emotions stab into him, Carlton quickly changed the topic. Luisen’s social dullness was of great help in these situations. Without any lingering doubt, Luisen continued to speak.



—-





TL: Communication, guys, Communication is KEY to a relationship.

Also, lmao I see you there Carlton. Trying to be nonchalant over your jealousy with the noble that flirted with Luisen. Not smoothe~ but Luisen is too dense to notice.





Chapter 99


Chapter 99





“I deliberately praised Viscount Boton, of course.”

When someone that was part of one’s faction was attacked, a man tends to cover and defend their fellow faction member; but, it was an aristocrat’s tyrannical tendency to bite that same ally without mercy when the ally is judged to be better off than he was in the eyes of high-ranking noble.

Luisen understood that and exercised his wit, “Then, as expected, he began to gossip. According to him, no one lives in this mansion except for Viscount Boton.”

“No one else?”

“Yeah. No servants, no soldiers…even his family is absent. Look at the banquet hall–all the servants are the Eastern Great Lord’s people. Apparently, the cooks are the same.”

The Eastern Great Lord, who wanted to show off his prestige, lent his people to work for Viscount Boton and helped prepare for the banquet.

“That’s… truly strange,” Carlton said.

No matter what catastrophe had happened–even if he had run away and then returned–it didn’t make sense to have a single aristocrat in a noble’s mansion. At the very least, he should have brought back some commoners to take care of him.

“Anyway, since the situation was suspicious, I decided to poke around,” Luisen hesitated before grabbing Carlton’s sleeve, “You’re not going to let me go alone, are you?”

“Of course, we’ll go together.”

If the mercenary let Luisen go alone, Luisen might be found dangling from the walls of the mansion this time. Carlton nodded emphatically.



***



Luisen and Carlton succeeded in escaping the banquet hall unseen. Viscount Boton’s residence was deserted–which was consistent with the other noble’s gossip.

The mansion, which had a long history, was surrounded by a bleak atmosphere due to the emptiness of its halls. Cold air, penetrating through the thick tapestries, chilled the skin. All in all, the area felt strange, although they couldn’t pinpoint what exactly was strange about it.

Their destination was the hallway where Luisen and Viscount Boton conversed earlier in the day. At that time, Viscount Boton had asked Luisen if he had found something strange about the mansion. Without context, that was such a random question. Wasn’t that something someone would say because they already knew that the place was unnatural?

When they arrived in the hallway and stood still and silent, they heard distant thuds. Normally, they would have gone unnoticed, assuming the sound was made by some critter like a mouse, but Carlton’s keen senses couldn’t be evaded.

“I hear something over there–the sounds of repeated hits.”

Carlton pointed to the origin of the noises: Viscount Boton’s office. Carlton first took out his knife and warily approached the office. Luisen followed at his heels.

Viscount Boton’s office was a mess; it looked as if creditors had come and gone. Books and papers lay scattered on the floor; pots and various ornamental items were strewn on top.

Thud– Thud– Thud–

There was another door inside the office; the repetitive sound came from the other side. Carlton told Luisen to wait and approached the door.

Luisen stood quietly as he was ordered and looked around the office, ‘Is there anything else that’s strange?’

The portraits on the wall caught the young lord’s eye; the subjects of the paintings were the previous Viscount Botons, arranged from the most distant ancestors to the most recent. It was a common custom to decorate the office with the portraits of its past owners. The Anies duchy, as well, contained many portraits spanning the generations from his ancestors to Luisen himself.

""



‘They all look similar.’

Perhaps because they were descended from a common ancestor, all of the previous Botons’ faces looked similar. There, Luisen felt a sense of disharmony; he quickly scanned the portraits and looked towards the last one–where the present-day Viscount should be.

The young lord’s eyes widened, “Who is this person?”

The current Viscount’s portrait, hung at the end of the room, was a completely different person than the man Luisen had met. Portraits often differed from their model’s faces, as many of the paintings were beautified, but it was never to this degree. Although the Viscount Boton’s thick, caked makeup confused the young lord, if one looked closely, the features–the color of the eyes and the shape of the chin for example–was different. Everything was different.

Did I discover something? Luisen was so bewildered, he called his companion over, “Carlton… Come here and take a look at this.”

Bam–!

At that moment, a large thud–as if something heavy had crashed down–came from the room inside the office.

“My duke, you should see this. There’s a ghoul here.”

“What?”

‘Why was there a ghoul here?’ Luisen ran hurriedly to the mercenary’s side. Inside the door, from where the sounds could be heard, there was one ghoul lying on the ground. It had fallen backwards, struggling and moaning.

“Judging by his clothes, he appears to have been a nobleman,” Luisen said.

“I think we should look at his face in closer detail.”

“Please be careful.”

Carlton placed a candle closer to the ghoul’s face with a stiff expression. The decomposition had progressed to a large degree, which was somewhat disgusting, but the mercenary endured. Fortunately, the corpse wasn’t decomposed to the point that he couldn’t recognize the face.

“It’s the same as that portrait.” Luisen commented. The ghoul’s face matched the face in the current Viscount Boton’s painting.

“The portrait?”

“Over there.” Closing the door so that the ghoul couldn’t escape outside, Luisen showed Carlton the portrait in the office. As someone with a keen eye, Carlton was quick to recognize that the ghoul was actually the subject of the portrait.

“If that ghoul really is Viscount Boton, then… Who the hell is the viscount in the banquet hall?”

“More importantly, we must note that the fake Viscount invited us to this mansion…”

Why would a man pretending to be an aristocrat do such a bold thing? There must be some scheme.

The birth of a ghoul was obviously associated with the demon worshippers. Given that the real Viscount Boton had become a ghoul, it was highly likely that a demon worshiper was involved in his death. The fake Viscount *must* be aware of this situation, so it was almost certain the fake was related to the demon worshippers.

Luisen and Carlton forgot what they were going to say and stared at each other’s faces. Goosebumps ran down their spines at the creepy nature of this situation.

“Awooooo!”

Through the gap in their conversation, they heard a distant wolf cry. The cry was chilling and seemed to scratch their eardrums. Carlton’s bloodthirst instinctively reared up sharply.

The mercenary ran to the window; the surrounding grounds and the lord’s personal manor were dark–not a single light shone. If a person lived there, there should be even a small light, but he couldn’t see anything. There was only vast darkness, as if he were looking into the sea at night.

However, dark red smoke began to pour in, moving toward the mansion; it half-resembled a cloud and half-resembled thick fog. But, its oncoming speed was as fast as the trade winds; it quickly occupied the estate grounds before reaching the house.

As the dim moonlight shone through the dark red fog, they could see people in its midst. For some reason, they were wriggling. At first glance, one could tell that the people’s movements–excruciatingly slow and grotesquely jerky–were not normal.

“They’re all… ghouls, right?” Luisen asked.

“That seems…to be the case.”

The swarm of ghouls approached, narrowing their siege formation as they approached the mansion. Ghouls had no intellectual ability, so they couldn’t move systematically. Therefore, they were under someone’s control.

Just like the viscount’s knights the other day…when they attacked Luisen’s party.

“The demon worshippers… It’s those bastards.” Carlton growled.

This was an undeniable fact that could no longer be ignored. Viscount Boton, this mansion, this banquet…Everything was a trap to try and capture Luisen.



***



The Eastern Great Lord’s knights were all on night patrol. They weren’t motivated to stand guard with soldiers who were of lesser status than them–after all, the nobles simply enjoyed their food and drink in the hall. There was no feeling of crisis or urgency, as this was a country lord’s home.

Soldiers standing guard near the mansion weren’t so different from the knights. Some of them had even fallen asleep, leaning against a window. The knights bashed the heads of such soldiers to wake them up before continuing on their half-hearted patrol.

‘Please make time fly faster…’ They all thought. Their only expectations were to receive the leftovers from the banquet. They strolled around, absentmindedly, when they heard a strange sound.

Grrrrr– Grrrrrr–

“What is that?”

This mansion was already quite eerie in a way that was hard to pinpoint, but when they heard a strange sound, their nerves were on edge. The knight became frustrated from anxiety.

“S-Sir Knight. Sir Knight. There’s trouble.” A soldier rushed towards the knight.

“What’s all this fuss about?”

“Corpses…There are corpses approaching us.”

“What? What are you talking about?”

At that time–with eerie timing–a soldier’s scream could be heard from a nearby distance. The knight returned to his senses. Though he was suffering currently from a lethargy, he had become a knight through a rigorous process, after all.

The knight ran towards the origin of the scream… And he stood there, stunned. At first glance, he saw people dressed in peasant clothes, so he had thought the local residents flocked to the mansion. But, as he approached closer and closer, he noticed something strange. Their eyes were cloudy like fish that had been caught long ago; their bodies were rotten and smelled of decomposition. As the soldier said, these were walking corpses.

“What the hell is this…?”

As they stood dazed, the ghouls rushed towards the knight and soldier. Their movements were quick, even though they were dead bodies–too quick even for an ordinary living commoner.

""



“Aaargghh!” The soldier was torn apart by the ghoul’s teeth in an instant. The knight, surviving by a hair’s breadth, turned back without hesitation and started running away.

‘This isn’t a matter I can sort out on my own. Hurry…I’ll have to hurry and tell the lord…’

The knight ran like crazy. The banquet was in full swing, so, fortunately, all the nobles were gathered in one place. As he ran down an empty hallway, the knight kept looking out the window.

Looking down from above, he could see the dark, red smoke rapidly approaching the mansion. Somehow, the smoke felt even eerier than the living corpses. He could see dead bodies scrambling throughout the entire area.

The soldiers tried to respond, but they were helpless. Not only was this an ambush, but they were also scared by these living corpses and thus were unable to utilize their full ability and skills. At times like this, the strong power and authority of a leader were needed.

Faster.

The knight threw open the door to the banquet hall with all his might and yelled, “My Lord, It’s a disaster!”

The nobles who were enjoying their party looked back with eyes wide open. One aristocrat even scolded the man with a displeased expression, asking what all this fuss was about.

However, the knight couldn’t say anything–the dark red fog, which had stayed near the mansion as he ran down the hallway, had finally passed through the windows and filled the banquet hall. Starting with those nearest to the windows, people fell, one after another.

“Agh! What’s going on!”

“Hey, call a doctor!”

The banquet hall quickly fell into pandemonium, but even that didn’t last long. In the blink of an eye, dark red smoke filled the banquet hall, and everyone inside collapsed.

Both the knight that came to deliver the news and the Eastern Great Lord, who needed to deliver instructions to everyone else, had fallen unconscious.





* * *





TL: Brrr~ where’s Morrison when you need him?





Chapter 100


Chapter 100



The tallest building in the Viscount’s manorial estate was his mansion, followed by the estate church.

At the time Luisen and Carlton made their gruesome discoveries in the viscount’s office, on the roof of that church building, not too far from the mansion, Ruger and the ninth demon worshiper stood and looked over at their quarry: the mansion. The two waited for the ghouls to make their way inside the building, waiting for the right moment to enter the mansion without getting involved in useless and unnecessary fights.

The ghouls, controlled by the ninth worshippers, attacked the Eastern Great Lord’s soldiers. The soldiers couldn’t respond properly to the ambush, and the ghouls broke into the mansion.

The dark red fog shook violently, as if it were alive, as it moved towards the mansion. It was the color of blood–rich enough to stand out beneath the dark, night sky.



The Viscount Boton’s mansion was a trap set by Ruger and his group from the very beginning. The Viscount in the mansion was actually the twelfth demon worshiper, who joined on behalf of the injured eleventh demon worshiper.

Using the fake Viscount Boton, Ruger invited the Easter Great Lord’s party to the mansion. Considering the Great Lord’s temperament, he knew the lord would not be able to refuse. Then, Luisen, who was indebted to the older noble, would naturally, albeit reluctantly, follow.

In other words, they took advantage of how Luisen joined the Eastern Great Lord for safety against the young lord.

The Eastern Great Lord did more than they expected. According to the fake Viscount, the older noble incited a split in Luisen’s party–great news for Ruger.

However, kidnapping a duke in front of so many people was quite reckless even for a demon worshiper. As with all heretics, the demon worshippers wanted to hide in the shadows.

So, they had prepared large-scale magic: the dark red fog approaching the mansion.

When inside that fog, people will become unconscious. In that state, the demon worshippers will be able to manipulate their memories. For example, they had planned, in the past, to fabricate the memory that the Duke of Anies hadn’t surrendered…or that the Duchy had not recognized that Carlton was the first prince’s messenger and tied them up.

However, this time, they had to apply their magic in a broader area, and this ability required a tremendous amount of offerings in order to instill an intense nightmare in so many people. So they killed and sacrificed any living being they could find–the people that lived in this area, livestock, small birds, and even the insects in the grass.

Perhaps that’s why the magic fog was dark red, as if it were made from the blood squeezed from the denizens of this territory. The dead bodies of the inhabitants were then turned into ghouls. Now that the demon worshippers manipulated them, the ghouls turned into their own private army.

“Hahaha! Look at my troops! Even that stern Eastern Great Lord can’t raise a finger against me!” the ninth worshiper excitedly cried. He jumped and stamped on the church’s roof with his boots. Because he had deliberately muddied his shoes in order to insult the sanctity of the church, the pure white roof quickly became dirty.

“Hey you, aren’t you feeling it? ‘He’ is happy at this sight!” The ninth worshiper placed his hand on Ruger’s shoulder. Then, looking between the sky and the ground, he roared ecstatically.

Ruger frowned as he shook off the hand. ‘These people are crazy.’

Frankly, none of this–whatever the demon worshippers did or the devil they worshiped–mattered to Ruger. Furthermore, he held deep antipathy for the church as well.

Ruger was an illegitimate child. His mother gave birth to him while she was still an unmarried maiden. The church rejected everything except for a marriage ordained by a priest, so Ruger, born from an extramarital relationship, became a fatherless child.

The church called such children the devil’s seed. Thanks to this, he lived his whole life experiencing ridicule and hatred. He always held strong hatred in his heart for the so-called ‘God’ and the church.

When he was young, he thought that his situation could be overcome with effort. If he became the most honorable knight, he believed that the world would acknowledge him. Excellent skill, good manners, and a courtly code of conduct. He had no shortage in these aspects, but all his efforts were wasted due to his label as an illegitimate child.

In the end, the only way to rid himself of this burdensome stigma was for his biological father to recognize him as his child.

So Ruger, after finishing his knighthood training, found the man he knew to be his father and pledged allegiance to him…with the hope that one day, the man will legitimize Ruger. Underneath that man, he committed all sorts of dirty work. Killing people wasn’t even a hardship.

Still, even to someone like Ruger, the demon worshippers’ behavior was becoming increasingly difficult to witness. Not long ago, these people chatted and laughed normally, but now they had degenerated. The dead bit at the living; those who died in these attacks were resurrected again as ghouls. That endless chain–the undermining of human dignity and death… Ruger couldn’t help but feel instinctive disgust.

""



What was even more gruesome was that the demon worshippers genuinely enjoyed this work. More than anything, they wanted to instill hell upon this land.

‘Father, what must your liege be thinking for you to meddle with these lunatics?’

A small feeling of reluctance and resistance surged in Ruger’s heart. Anyone would feel the same if they retained humanity, but now he had come too far to follow those emotions. Ruger had no other path.

“I think we can slowly enter,” the ninth worshiper said. Though it still seemed a bit early in Ruger’s perspective, the commander of the operation was the ninth worshiper. Silently, Ruger inspected his battle gear.

The grounds around the mansion were a complete mess. If all went according to plan, though, the world would become a terrible place with which even this pandemonium couldn’t compare.

It didn’t matter if the world was ruined. However, Ruger couldn’t help but think of Luisen. Could the young lord endure a hellish world?

For some reason, his heart was thrown into turmoil. Were his senses latching onto something ominous? Or was he simply feeling unease? Even he could not comprehend his own mind. One thing was certain, though: Ruger could not turn back. He could only advance towards that hell.

In order to carry out the orders he had been given, Ruger pulled himself together. He thought only of advancing towards his long-awaited dream.

Ruger and the demon worshippers mounted their dire wolves and headed for the mansion.



***



The dark red fog was on the verge of devouring the mansion.

Luisen and Carlton ran out of Viscount Boton’s office. Morrison, who happened to be looking for them, joined the two. The inquisitor had also felt that the place was strange and was looking around the house.

The situation was graver than they had imagined. Outside the mansion, the helpless soldiers were being attacked by the ghouls–a monster they had never fought before in their lives; even if the knights were experienced and the soldiers were many, it was only a matter of time before the protective barrier was breached. Despite the chaos outside, all the nobles were gathered in the banquet hall, enjoying their party.

Now that they grasped the situation, the three hurriedly shared their opinions on their next actions. They quickly came to a conclusion–they devised the best plan they could under these current circumstances.

Morrison cast a blessing on Carlton and Luisen. Then, with Carlton’s help, the young lord climbed the tree and crawled back onto the banquet hall’s terrace.

Luisen stood on the terrace alone, and Carlton remained in the tree. When Carlton couldn’t bear to leave and hesitated, the young lord soothed his ruffled emotions, “If all goes as planned, it will all be fine.”

“Still, I don’t want to leave my Duke alone.”

His voice was full of worry and distress.

Luisen reached out and caressed his cheek, “Then, return to me soon. I’ll be waiting.”

The mercenary overlapped his hand over the young lord’s and kissed him deeply. Morrison, underneath the tree, urged the two to be quick; they were running out of time and had no leisure to drag things out.

After Carlton descended the tree, he and the inquisitor dispersed to their respective positions.

Luisen gazed at the two’s disappearing backs for a long while before looking away. The stench of death wafted up from the mansion grounds.

The wind carried the sounds of screams, and a dark red fog came pushing towards him as if to devour him.

“It’ll all work out. It’ll be fine.” Luisen was scared, but he didn’t avoid the approaching fog.

Luisen turned around and entered the banquet hall. The bright lights within were somewhat blinding; the young lord felt like a moth rushing towards the fire.

He was worried that he may have been caught leaving the banquet hall, but no one was the wiser. The banquet was in full swing, and no one seemed vigilant. Not a single noble knew what was going on.

However, that ignorance was brief.

The music stopped, and a scream burst out. Everything was completely buried by the fog.



***



Ruger and the ninth worshiper entered the mansion without anything or anyone to interrupt their break-in. The two were protected by monsters like direwolves and goblins.

A man who manipulated corpses… A man followed by monsters…

Even the knights who took pride in dealing with hitherto unseen dangers did not dare to block their entry.

When they entered the banquet hall, the hall was filled with red fog as they had planned. All the nobles had fallen down, unconscious.

The only person left standing, the twelfth worshiper who posed as Viscount Boton, welcomed the two. “There’s no problem here–everything is progressing as planned.”

Ruger looked through the banquet hall, ignoring the twelfth worshiper’s words. No matter how crowded and obstructed his view was, it did not interfere with his search for Luisen.

Ruger, who found his ex-lord in a flash, strode up to him. Luisen lay still, as if he had fallen asleep. His figure was tranquil; it reminded the ex-attendant of a sleeping princess straight out of a fairy tale.

He sat on one knee in front of the young lord. He took off his gloves and swept Luisen’s messy hair behind the young lord’s ears. Then, with his index finger, he carefully stroked Luisen’s cheek.

Now that the young lord’s hair was in order and the young lord was adorned in a suit, old memories suddenly rose to the surface of Ruger’s mind.





* * *





TL: Carlton and Luisen are just too sweet ya’ll T_T excuse me while I cry for them.

Also!!! we’re at the 100th Chapter for this novel! We’re about 2/3 of the way through! (Plus 20 sidestories/extra chapters/19+ scenes) I’m so glad to have been able to translate this novel; I’m not sure how many people geek out about prose…but I just want to say this author has beautiful prose.





Chapter 101


Chapter 101





It wasn’t a particularly grand memory.

When banquets were held, Ruger went all out to decorate Luisen. It was one of Ruger’s great pleasures to see the envious gazes focused on the young lord as soon as he entered the banquet hall.

At the end of the banquet, the young lord would often get drunk and fall asleep. It was Ruger’s job to take care of the drunken young lord. Luisen tended to be quite difficult and wouldn’t cling to anyone else; he often ran to Ruger even if the attendant was taking care of some other business.

When Ruger held the sleeping young lord in his arms, he smelled sweet wine and experienced pleasant dizziness, as if he were drunk himself. The attendant loved it so much, he encouraged Luisen to drink excessively.

It was merely a trivial, everyday memory, but that was why these reminiscences aroused a such intense longing in Ruger’s mind. It was just last year…The daily life that had for so long felt so natural seemed so long ago.

But, Ruger didn’t let himself get too emotional.

“Now, come on! Move!” At the ninth worshiper’s urging, the twelfth worshiper manipulated the ghouls and divided the unconscious people into two categories.

People who were to be killed were shunted to the left; those that had to live were brought to the right. They had already decided in advance who was going to be killed or left alive.

They planned to plant fabricated memories in the brains of those that were saved so that the demon worshiper’s attack would be remembered as an internal conflict among the Eastern nobles.

Since the world did not yet know about the demon worshiper’s existence, the testimonials of the survivors should, alone, be enough to fabricate a supposed power conflict.

With the traces of the demon worshippers wiped away, Luisen would appear to not be kidnapped–instead, the young lord would appear as if he vanished in the midst of this struggle. Luisen’s disappearance will be fully attributed to the Eastern Great Lord and the aristocrats in his entourage.

""



After declaring war on the whole of the East, the Anies Duchy would send troops to find the young lord. Some might try to stop the retainers, but the Duchy was particularly attached to Luisen. Clearly, they would mobilize the entire southern region to find the young lord and seek revenge.

Despite rumors that the southern aristocrats held no great loyalty to Luisen, their representative Great Lord still went missing. With the pride of the South at stake, most of the southern aristocrats would participate in this war.

The nobles in the east wouldn’t stay still either, so it wouldn’t be long before the conflict spreads between the East and the South. Their pride on the line, either side wouldn’t stop until the other surrendered completely.

An unprecedented, horrible war would engulf the kingdom.

The demon worshippers desired the extreme chaos that would result from the war. Ruger’s lord planned to take that opportunity to devour the Anies duchy and the southern region in general.

It was a terrible, ambitious plot in which everyone in the world suffered, but someone got everything they coveted.

All of these plans originated from the mind of the lord that Ruger served. Even though Luisen joining the Eastern Great Lord’s party was unexpected, he had the malevolent wisdom to take advantage of that disadvantageous situation, turning the situation to his benefit. Ruger was afraid of that sinister wisdom.

‘Why is he so obsessed with Duke Anies…?’ Even Ruger had no idea. His master was not a man of many words. The demon worshippers seemed to know, but Ruger did not bother to ask as his pride was hurt.

‘Should I have asked? They said they’d keep the Duke alive, but…’

Could he believe that someone with such a vicious plan would keep his beloved lord alive?

However, what was the point of having doubts now? Everything was already progressing as planned. Even if something went awry, his father would just hatch another frightening plot and, eventually, his wishes would be fulfilled.

Ruger carefully adjusted his hold on Luisen.

""



He noticed that the ninth worshiper was wandering around the Eastern Great Lord; Ruger couldn’t let that pass as he recalled the worshiper making a gruesome statement–the ninth worshiper wanted to taste noble blood.

“Don’t even touch the Eastern Great Lord. If the Great Lord dies, people will be suspicious.”

The older noble was too eminent a figure to kill at this time.

“I’m only going to bleed him a little.” The ninth worshiper did not even pretend to heed Ruger’s warning.

“Isn’t it common sense that something like that would be fatal to an elderly person? If I tell you to stop, then you should stop.” Ruger was annoyed. Since someone he already detested was about to disobey him so absurdly, his normally eloquent words were not so smooth.

The ninth admirer looked up at Ruger, “Are you ordering me around now?”

“I’m giving you a warning–judge the current situation.”

“Judge the situation? Did someone ask you to do something like that?” The ninth worshiper laughed sarcastically. “You don’t have to take your own judgment into account–just your master’s orders. He stated you should follow what I say.”

“……” Ruger clenched his teeth. He was angered by the ninth worshiper’s actions, yes, but everything he said was true as well.

Last time they attacked Luisen’s group in the abandoned town, Ruger had saved Luisen from a goblin due to a momentary lapse in judgment. The ninth worshiper had told his father all about it. Because of that incident, Ruger was called to the capital where he was scolded by his father. He ordered Ruger to follow the ninth worshiper’s directions and said that he couldn’t trust Ruger to not be stupid.

“My orders are the same as your master’s orders.” The ninth worshiper glanced at Luisen, laying still in Ruger’s arms, and smiled… An insidious smile. “If I were to tell you to kill Duke Anies right now, you’d have to follow those instructions. Do you understand?”

Ruger’s face contorted severely; instinctively, his hands tensed. The ninth worshiper giggled at that reaction.

A strange tension flowed between them.

At that moment, something unexpected occurred: a small shockwave resounded through the air. One wave after another…

What was this?

Senses tingling, the demon worshippers and Ruger looked around warily at their surroundings. A torch crowned with blue flames caught their eyes. The flickering fire lit up the shadowed banquet hall filled with the dark red fog. 1

The blue flames were filled with divine energy. It roared violently, feeding on the dark red fog that the demon worshippers had created.



One.

Two.

Three.



The flames quickly spread, surrounding the banquet hall. Morrison stood at the center, looking at the demon worshippers with disdainful eyes; his gaze was as cold as a sheet of ice. Blue flames lapped at his body.

The demon worshippers, in turn, were astonished. “An inquisitor! The lunatic follower of the fake God is here!”

The greatest weapon of any heretical religion or cult was secrecy–they were free to plot as they remained outside the church’s surveillance. No matter how special or strong their powers may be, they were no match for the full power of the church when it was determined to suppress them.

Inquisitors, who stood at the forefront of the church’s efforts to eradicate heresy, were enemies that should never be encountered.

“Run! Quick, avoid him! If you’re caught, it’s over!” the ninth worshipper cried out.

However, the demon worshippers were unable to exit the banquet hall; the blue flames surrounding the area created a boundary that trapped them inside. It was also impossible to draw or summon monsters from the outside–monsters did not dare cross over these sacred flames as well.

“Fuck…Damn it! This lunatic! Kill them all! Sacrifice everyone here and run away!” The ninth worshipper raised his dagger as he barked orders. He was about to start with the Eastern Great Lord who lay at his feet when a wine bottle flew at his head.

He instinctively hit the bottle away; it broke, and wine spilled onto his face.

“Argh!!!”

Luisen was the one who threw that bottle.



***



Actually, Luisen had been awake from the very beginning. Thanks to Morrison’s blessing, the demon worshiper’s magic did not affect the young lord. He was able to maintain consciousness.

Just before the red fog hit the castle–

Luisen, Carlton, and Morrison finally recognized that they were in the center of a trap created by the demon worshippers. Morrison said that the situation outside was quite grave, but Luisen’s party would be able to slip away in the confused chaos.

However, Luisen had a different opinion: he didn’t want to run away–rather, he wanted to win a decisive battle here, somehow.

The demon worshippers and Ruger were after Luisen, anyway. If they ran away now, their opponents would create a similar trap at another location and time. At that point, it was unclear whether or not the group would be able to notice the trickery in advance as they had now.

Moreover, the Eastern Great Lord, the nobles, and their knights and servants–countless people were left defenseless. Without Luisen, the demon worshippers were sure to do something evil; they wouldn’t leave these people be. Knowing that so many people would die, the young lord didn’t want to escape alone.

In the previous timeline, didn’t he learn that running away, alone, was never the right solution?

Of course, there was little the young lord could do immediately. The other Great Lord and his attending nobles were still in the banquet hall with the fake Viscount. Going there and revealing the truth wouldn’t be enough to sufficiently respond to the oncoming attack.

The Eastern Great Lord’s knights were outstanding, but their opponents were ghouls, the living dead, mobile corpses that won’t stop moving even if they were struck down. Adding the demon worshiper’s strange magic into the fray, the knights’ chance of victory was incredibly low.

‘The Saint always emphasized concentrating and making a decisive choice.’

Therefore, Luisen offered a suggestion.





* * *





TL: I feel like I cry every other chapter about how my baby has grown up T_T

I’m so proud.

Also, RIP, my hand still feels quite sore from time to time :/





Footnotes




Actually the word ‘푸른’ could mean either blue or green in Korean. I chose to use blue here since I personally like that color better. It’s interesting, there’s plenty of research into how many colors a culture can see depending on how many words a culture has for different colors. It’s worth checking out!





Chapter 102


Chapter 102



Luisen suggested that they reverse the trap on them.

While Luisen pretends to be helplessly ambushed, most of the worshippers’ main forces will gather in the banquet hall to capture Luisen, none the wiser. Taking advantage of their inevitable carelessness, Morrison and Carlton would, this time, smash their heads in from behind.

Once the demon worshippers and Ruger had been captured, Luisen and his party may be able to learn more about their background and motives and, furthermore, neutralize their ghouls.

It was dangerous for the young lord to use himself as bait, but this strategy could snatch victory from their opponents’ hands at the very last minute.

Morrison admired Luisen’s proposal. Considering his and Carlton’s abilities, they had a good chance of winning. Also, he had no reason to refuse the chance to catch a demon worshiper.

‘However… if something goes wrong–even a little bit–Duke Anies’s life will be in danger.’

Morrison looked at Carlton–he thought the mercenary would oppose putting the young lord in danger. Surprisingly, though, Carlton nodded his approval. “I think that would be the best way forward. Though, I loathe that my Duke will be used as bait.”

Carlton was a cool-headed, brilliant strategist, so he knew that this wasn’t the time to be stubborn.

With the three in agreement, everything progressed smoothly. Luisen returned to the terrace, and Carlton and Morrison moved into their counterattack positions.

When the blue flames soared inside the banquet hall, Carlton also launched an attack. He ambushed Ruger, and Luisen didn’t miss that opportunity to move away from his would-be kidnapper.

Once again, Carlton blocked Ruger’s way when the ex-attendant tried to chase after the young lord.

“You again!” Ruger shouted angrily. Every time he thought that he had Luisen in hand, Carlton appeared and interfered. Unforgivable. Ruger jumped at the mercenary, moving with a hitherto unseen ferocity.

Luisen avoided being caught up in their attacks and threw a wine bottle to save the Eastern Great Lord. Their counterattack had been successful thus far.

‘I thought I was in trouble when they mentioned killing me…’

It was worth putting up with those threats and trusting in Carlton and Morrison, though.

After being chased for so long, the young lord was so elated to see their astonished faces. He was so happy that he almost laughed out loud; right now, Luisen thought they wouldn’t lose.

“Do you think you can win like this? What are you all going to do alone?!” The ninth worshiper began casting a spell; the monsters in the banquet hall rushed forward simultaneously. Ruger moved with them.

Carlton and Morrison stepped forward; Luisen found a safe location to avoid the chaos. In addition to their numerical disadvantage, the mercenary and inquisitor had to keep Luisen and the unconscious nobles in mind. Nevertheless, the two were not forced back at all.

Morrison, as a heretic inquisitor, specialized in combating heretical demonic worshippers, and Carlton was strong enough to surpass their magical powers. Moreover, the two were well-matched in battle, working in tandem to defeat the worshippers and monsters alike.

Even though their opponents fought back with all their might, Carlton’s and Morrison’s momentum could not be stopped. The demon worshippers tried to press back by using the dark red fog, but that too was a failure.

As Morrison’s blue flames grew in intensity, the dark red fog that filled the banquet hall began to fade. The demon worshiper’s magic was being purified by the inquisitor’s divine power.

At that point, those who were unconscious began to wake up. They were appalled at the current state of the banquet hall.

The sight of the living corpses, the intimidating direwolves, and the seemingly suspicious men fighting against Luisen’s group just felt so unnaturally–horribly–unrealistic. In particular, their jaws dropped when they looked at Carlton and Morrison–whom they had ignored–in the throes of combat.

“Everyone, come to your senses!” Luisen’s cry snapped everyone to attention. “Please take care of the people around you and evacuate the banquet hall! Those monster-like things are outside the mansion as well, so hide in whatever room you can find!”

“B-But there’s flames.”

“If you’re innocent, you’ll be able to pass through without being hurt. Hurry!”

With Luisen’s order, the aristocrats, faithful to the pecking order of the nobility, began to move their bodies even if they were still confused by the whole situation. The Eastern Great Lord walked closer to the Luisen with the support of a few other nobles. “What in the world is going on here? What happened?”

“I’ll explain it all later.”

The situation was just too urgent to fend off questions one by one.

“It’ll be very chaotic outside. The Duke should lead the others out.” Luisen requested.

“What about you? Aren’t you going to flee to safety?”

“I’ll have to finish my business here.”

Moreover, one Carlton was better than dozens of nobles; the demon worshippers were aiming for Luisen, so they would go wherever the young lord went. Even now, Luisen could feel Ruger’s sticky gaze–the ex-attendant continued his battle with the mercenary but still continued to stare at his former lord.

It would be safer to be protected where Carlton could see rather than to hide haphazardly elsewhere.

The Eastern Great Lord, who was ignorant of the full situation, was moved. “You’re…. I didn’t know you were so self-sacrificial. It seems my people-judging eyes have been blind.”

‘It seems the old man misunderstood something.’ Luisen felt a bit bitter, but he could not afford to disabuse the older noble of his delusion: only when the Eastern Great Lord went out and quickly directed the knights would they be able to stem the flow of ghouls from outside.

Luisen chased out the tearful Eastern Great Lord. Thanks to the older noble’s deep faith, the blue flames gained strength when the Eastern Great Lord ran through with powerful steps, which were rare in men that age.

Morrison and Carlton played their parts faithfully while Luisen gathered people up from behind them. This left Morrison and Carlton versus two demon worshippers, Ruger, and a few monsters.

The two were not pushed back, even until the end, and instead subdued their enemies. They steadily sliced off a monster’s head or leg to neutralize them, cinching victory.

The most prominent figure in the battle was Carlton. He went wild, as if to prove that his rise to his present position was based on personal ability. Simultaneously, he continued to confirm and check on Luisen’s safety, and he did not miss any monsters that dared to approach the young lord.

‘What a monster of a human being…’ The ninth worshiper gnashed his teeth.

They could understand the forceful movements of the inquisitor–he was a warrior raised with all of the Church’s might. However, Carlton was an overwhelming pressure despite the fact that he was a mercenary who hadn’t received a proper education. Even though the worshippers deliberately sent attacks towards Luisen, Carlton didn’t miss a thing.

Even Ruger, who showed excellent promise and had outstanding grades while he trained to become a knight, was no match for the mercenary.

‘We can’t continue like this–when will we get an opportunity like this again?’

The entire manor had been thoroughly and rigorously prepared. If their scheme had progressed as planned, the world would be thrown into great turmoil. When the world above turns into hell, their god, who lived underneath hell itself, would be able to ascend and enter this world!

However, their plan was completely ruined. The twelfth worshiper was knocked half-unconscious, and there were no more monsters available in their command. The flames that Morrison created became gradually stronger due to the faith of those present as he continued to fight the demon worshippers. As a result, the ninth worshiper felt like his strength was growing weaker and weaker.

The odds were stacked against them. Grand plan or not, they would be caught by a heretic inquisitor at this rate. Their fate, once caught, was bound to be miserable.

However, clever villains always have an ace up their sleeves; the ninth worshiper had a hidden card as well.

The ninth worshiper stared at Ruger; the man looked more at Luisen than his own colleagues. Even in the midst of battle.

“Hehehehehe.” The ninth worshiper laughed–a dark sound. He directed his last ghouls to rush at Morrison. Then, he ran towards the twelfth worshiper’s side and sliced the person’s arm without hesitation.

Even though he was half-unconscious from pain, the twelfth worshiper’s body flinched and jumped.

“I sacrifice my colleague’s arm.”

The severed arm decayed almost instantly; a dark, green smoke rose up from the limb. The smoke took on the form of a mountain goat and rushed towards Carlton. A terrible noise–like someone was screaming–rang out.

“Kngh!” Carlton couldn’t avoid the attack and threw out his sword. Though the blade cut the green mountain goat’s head in half, the smoke rushed over the mercenary. It felt as if he was being wrapped in mold. He wasn’t fatally injured due to Morrison’s blessing, but the mercenary stumbled due to his obstructed vision.

As soon as Carlton’s feet were tangled, the way to Luisen was clear. The ninth worshiper shouted in the midst of the chaos, “This is an order, Ruger! Kill Luisen Anies!”

The ninth worshiper’s command was Ruger’s Lord’s command.

Ruger reflexively ran towards Luisen as he was ordered. Morrison tried to head towards them once he saw what was happening, but the twelfth worshiper barely managed to drag himself awake and engage the inquisitor–the person mustered up the dregs of his tenacity to help his colleague in any way possible.

Ruger reached the young lord without any interference. He raised his sword; Luisen was defenseless and powerless to stop Ruger’s attack. Killing the young lord would be as simple as killing a fawn.

However, as soon as Ruger’s eyes met the blue eyes of his former master, Ruger was unable to move his body. Like the legendary Medusa’s curse, it felt like his whole body became a stone lump.

At that moment, he imagined his sword stabbing the young lord’s white, thin neck, and he shuddered. When he thought of Luisen dying, he felt terrible, as if he had thrown himself into the cold sea in the middle of winter. Deeper than any despair, darker than any melancholy…Pain that felt indescribable.

Ruger thought, ‘I can’t.’

He couldn’t kill this man…No–he didn’t want to kill this man.





***



* * *





TL: Ruger…I feel like it’s too late for remorse…





Chapter 103


Chapter 103





Since when?

In one second, the countless days he had spent with Luisen passed through Ruger’s brain.

He couldn’t remember when it began. Spy. He clearly remembered feeling so ashamed when he took up a position outside of the knighthood . All he wanted was to do well and to be acknowledged by his father.

To find out more information, he ingratiated himself with Luisen and played the young lord’s faithful servant. Luisen never doubted Ruger–the young lord believed his act and relied on him. There was no doubt nor ulterior motives in Luisen’s eyes.

Because of that, Ruger became more and more sincere. There had been no one else in his life who believed in him so purely. No one else had recognized his commitment. Luisen gave Ruger his life’s desire, and his love deepened day by day until it truly became something special.

However, Ruger was still a spy. He couldn’t resist the orders of his father who planted him next to Luisen’s side in the first place. He isolated the young lord from his retainers and vassals and led Luisen into further depravity. Every moment he spent with the young lord was tainted with betrayal and deceit. Even if the other learned of his love–even if Ruger acknowledged this love–it would only bring both of them nothing but pain.

So, Ruger kept running away from his feelings. His deceit became two-faced–he deceived himself as much as he deceived his target. Thus, Ruger worked hard to fulfill his true lord’s commands. He became more comfortable in his position. However, he could not deceive himself to the point where he could kill Luisen with his own hands.

Ruger was in love with Luisen.

However, it was a twisted love that would only make the other person unhappy and still selfishly tie him to Ruger. Nevertheless, the ex-attendant couldn’t bear to kill Luisen because of love.

‘Let’s spare him. I’ll save him and send him off.’

Ruger made up his mind. Though it felt like an eternity, it was, in fact, only a moment. No one had noticed Ruger’s pause nor did they notice the long-standing love that had swayed the man’s mind.

Only Luisen saw Ruger’s hesitation, but it was hard for him to parse the other’s situation when a huge blade was flying towards his neck. Instead, Luisen simply noticed that it was a very tiny gap–an opportunity for him to survive.

Luisen recalled the self-defense techniques that Carlton taught him. He took the pot of soil he had prepared, just in case, and threw the dirt onto Ruger’s face. Then, he kicked Ruger mercilessly before almost collapsing and rolling away, widening the distance between them.

To be frank, this could only buy the young lord a short amount of time. If Luisen was alone, he would have been caught again soon.

However, Luisen had Carlton. As soon as Luisen slipped away from Ruger’s blade, Carlton, without hesitation, drew his own sword across Ruger’s neck.

The mercenary’s movements were quick and neat; Ruger didn’t even notice that he died. His lips mouthed something, but no sounds came out.

Ruger died, looking at Luisen until the very end. Despite the brutal sight, Luisen did not avert his eyes. He looked at Ruger dying and collapsing, remembering the years they spent together.

Someone he had once trusted; he had felt terrible guilt and shuddering betrayal because of this man. Nevertheless, Ruger’s death–the second time he had seen the man die–disturbed Luisen greatly. In his previous life and now, the young lord couldn’t understand the ex-attendant’s behavior.

“Are you alright?” Carlton came running and helped the fallen young lord up. Only then did Luisen tear his eyes away from Ruger, feeling safe in Carlton’s arms.

He relied on the mercenary, nearly clinging to the man. “It’s almost over now.”

Ruger had died; all the monsters had fallen. The twelfth worshiper was completely unconscious. Though the ninth worshiper was in a relatively better condition, he was struggling as well. Morrison could handle that opponent on his own.

However, the ninth worshiper was strangely confident in himself. “Ahahahahahaha!”

He burst into laughter and shouted into the air in some unknown language. He seemed to be chanting a spell, but his shouts were laden with hunger and yearning. No one understood what he was saying, but the sound made goosebumps rise on his listeners’ arms.

They soon understood the purpose of those words though.

A haze of black smoke rose from Ruger’s neck. The black smoke spread in all directions. When the smoke touched Ruger’s body, his skin turned black as if he were stained by black paint-filled water.

An indescribably ominous premonition seized Luisen.

Soon afterwards, when Ruger’s body was completely stained black, Ruger stood up once again. Black smoke rose from where his head should be, and his skin retained the dark dye.

The thing that was once Ruger took a knight’s helmet that had fallen to the floor and placed it on his neck. It appeared as if it were wearing a helmet on his now-smoky head. It turned to look at Luisen.

The inside of its helmet was endlessly pitch black–a void. As if the young lord were looking into a deep well.

‘That’s…’

Luisen knew this figure well.

‘The Death Knight.’ Once upon a time, long ago, Luisen thought this was a cursed knight that appeared from the grudges that stacked up against him. Before then, he had imagined the knight to be Carlton.

However, as the young lord met the one-armed pilgrim and gained enlightenment, he realized that the knight was a delusion created by his immense guilt and fear. From then on, the black knight, who had been hounding his steps for three years, disappeared instantly.

Those were all Luisen’s fantasies, and the knight should not exist in reality.

However, that knight–borne from Ruger’s body, of all people–appeared before Luisen once again.

‘Un-unbelievable… W-Why is he suddenly appearing before me again? Did Ruger die back then as well? Didn’t he fake his death?’ Luisen’s heart beat like crazy; his breaths turned into quick pants. The young lord’s hands trembled enough that Carlton noticed. Luisen felt as if he was transported back to his painful, nomadic days. The fear that he thought he had overcome with the one-armed pilgrim’s help returned and overwhelmed him.

The dead Ruger was resurrected and became the Death Knight–the dark vision that had been haunting him constantly…

At this point, Luisen couldn’t help but doubt his mind. “A-Am I… seeing things correctly right now?”

Were his eyes…his brain… functioning properly? Had he fallen into delusion as he had in the past? Luisen had turned back time…he thought he had fixed everything, but…

Then, perhaps, had he dreamed that he returned to the past…?

Carlton’s voice saved Luisen from falling into complete panic. “You’re sane. I know the scene before you is a bit crazy, but… it’s all real.”

“Do you see him as well?”

“Yes.”

Luisen leaned on the mercenary while heaving a long sigh. Carlton supported the young lord’s body and patted him with a soothing hand before wrapping it around the young lord’s shoulders. That small reassurance greatly restored Luisen’s mental stability.

Meanwhile, the Death Knight picked up a sword. When the knight touched the sword, as expected it turned from silver to black. The death-like being definitely wasn’t anything of this world.

“Hahaha! I knew it! I said he had potential! I’m glad I pushed him here and there in advance! I was thinking ‘he’ should have a knight or two!” The ninth worshiper laughed merrily. One of his long-term projects was inducing the birth of a Death Knight.

There was a story that featured a cursed knight. The knight had been cursed and decapitated for betraying his lord, and he spent his entire afterlife searching for his head. He was often called the Death Knight because he murdered all of those who saw him and his shame.

Once a knight, more honorable than anyone else, and now a cursed being.

Most folks believed the myth to be fiction, but the ninth worshiper discovered, after much research, that the Death Knight was a ghoul-like monster.

He also wanted to create a being like a Death Knight, but it was hard to find someone that fit the bill. Loyalty, betrayal, and death were all necessary ingredients for a Death Knight’s birth.

When he first met Ruger, his eyes opened wide. Although Ruger was loyal to his lord, as befitting a proper knight, the ex-attendant always kept Luisen in mind. The ninth worshiper believed that Ruger would one day betray his master because of Luisen. At that moment, the man could be made into a Death Knight.

Today, the ninth worshiper felt that it was time for his plans to come into fruition and ordered Ruger to kill the young lord. Of course, he expected Ruger to be unable to deal the killing blow. Although it was okay if Ruger did kill, it was better for Ruger to betray this order.

As he expected, Ruger betrayed his master at the last minute and decided to save Luisen. Carlton then killed Ruger…and the exact conditions were met.

A perfect death.

The ninth worshiper resurrected Ruger and transformed into a Death Knight. Though the Death Knight still retained some memories and emotions he had during life, he was still a monster, so the ninth worshiper could completely control him. Furthermore, the Death Knight was several times stronger than Ruger was when he was still alive.

“Go! Go and kill them all! First things first, slaughter that zealot!” The ninth worshiper shouted in a high-spirited voice.

The Death Knight turned away from Luisen and Carlton and rushed at Morrison. Morrison defended against the black blade with a gauntlet; the inquisitor’s body shook violently.

‘What in the world is this guy,’ he thought.

The monster’s power was a given, but the evil energy wafting from the monster was so intense Morrison couldn’t endure. Inversely, Morrison’s powers had weakened, and his fire had greatly diminished. ‘Nngh, we have to maintain the front line…’

""



The Death Knight, unperturbed, struck with his sword again. This time, Carlton blocked the blow with a thrown dagger, allowing Morrison to narrowly avoid the attack.

However, the inquisitor failed to maintain his trap–the blue flames that kept the demon worshippers locked away disappeared.

“Good! Enough! Now, return!” The ninth worshiper summoned the Death Knight. He quickly got on the monster’s back and pointed to the window.

If this were Ruger, he would not accept such an undignified action upon his body, but the Death Knight silently ran towards the window, carrying the worshiper on his back.

He opened the large window, and a strong wind blew inside. Just as the wind blew away the smoke and fog, the Death Knight and the worshiper disappeared.

Morrison quickly followed, but they were nowhere to be found. “Haah… They escaped. But outside… I think the situation has stabilized.”

When the demon worshiper left the area, the ghouls lost all their fighting power and returned to their original slow and harmless state. As Luisen had advised, the Eastern Great Lord’s troops, who were focusing on defense, didn’t miss the turning tides and pushed the monsters away.

And, as if to declare the battle’s end, the night trickled away and dawn broke in the sky, brightening the world from afar.





* * *





TL: Ruger… I think that was a tragedy of your own making. You should have defected and helped Luisen out earlier or something 🙁

Can’t help but feel bad for and detest this guy.





Chapter 104


Chapter 104

When the demon worshippers left, the battle outside the mansion also ended. The ghouls stopped their fierce attacks, moved slowly, and began to wander aimlessly. They were like puppets with no one tugging their strings.

The soldiers were bewildered by the sudden change of behavior but soon pushed away the ghouls under the direction of the Eastern Great Lord. The ghouls moved docilely in the direction they were pushed.

The Eastern Great Lord stared at the scene before him. He wore a calm expression, but inwardly the noble was incredibly startled.

‘Duke Anies was right.’

As he was guided out of the banquet hall, Luisen had advised the Eastern Great Lord. Attacks wouldn’t be of much use against the ghouls, so they should focus on defense and wait for the enemy to retreat on their own.

When he finally emerged from the mansion, he was half-dubious as the vigor and bloodlust of the ghoul corps were so fierce, but he had followed the young duke’s advice. It really played out just as Luisen had said. Thanks to that, they had managed to avoid the attacks of these undead enemies that wouldn’t stay down.

‘I can’t believe that a day would come when I’m glad I heard Duke Anies’s advice.’

One really experiences all sorts of things during a long life.

As the sun rose, he could begin to see last night’s horrors more clearly. The surroundings were so utterly gruesome–surpassing the terrors he had imagined in the dark. The Eastern Great Lord had a hunch that if he had misstepped, he could have expired here. Evil energy lingered everywhere.

The older noble quickly guessed who had attacked them. His wisdom that came with age could penetrate through to the truth without Luisen’s separate explanation.

‘Was heresy this strong in the kingdom? They seem to have a particularly bad relationship with Duke Anies as well.’

Apparently, these folks were called demon worshippers. Demon worshippers… They were vicious people whose names alone were disrespectful and insulting to God.

One could assume that these demon worshippers had plotted some huge conspiracy, weaving together Luisen, himself, and even the other nobles into their scheme. They were meticulous and well-versed in aristocratic ecology.

Though they had all felt something off–just a little–from Viscount Boton, they had all pretended to be ignorant for various reasons. The Eastern Great Lord wanted to show off to his people, and the nobles were watching and following the Eastern Great Lord’s actions and desires, etc. Because of this, until the banquet hall had filled with dark red fog, no one had noticed they had walked into a trap.

‘They were dividing the aristocracy into two categories; one group would be spared, and the other would be killed.’

One could imagine that these demon worshippers were trying to use their deaths to bring about greater chaos. If they had succeeded, a crisis that not even the Eastern Great Lord could afford would have emerged.

Feeling a bit dizzy, the Eastern Great Lord drew a holy symbol in the air.

‘If it weren’t for Duke Anies, who knows what could have happened…’

It was no coincidence that Luisen had achieved fame by pretending to be a pilgrim and solving various problems. He was saving the world from the touch of darkness by continuing to bump into and hinder the demon worshippers’ efforts.

The Eastern Great Lord was deeply moved at the thought of Luisen, who remained in the banquet hall to clean up the mess.

That man knew about the attack before anyone else, so Luisen could have run away alone, without alerting anyone else. However, he jumped into danger to save the people remaining in the mansion. How noble and sacrificial of him.

Moreover, his party figured out their opponents capabilities and, in a short amount of time, devised a way to turn the trap back on their attackers. It was so clever…so bold… so startling. The older noble couldn’t hide his surprise.

The Eastern Great Lord had no choice but to admit that Luisen was not the weak young man he once knew. He wasn’t a child the older noble had to teach and lead. He was an adult with the power to pioneer his own path–a decent noble who could lead his people well.

‘I’ll have to treat him accordingly, now. And… Carlton. Him too.’

Until now, the Eastern Great Lord thought Carlton was a terrible but competent man who had earned the first prince’s trust and protection. However, it turned out that the mercenary was a fine warrior who fought virtuously against demon worshippers. He was a valiant warrior who helped Luisen–the spearhead to the church’s cause.

The older noble knew nothing about Carlton and simply believed in hearsay. He had undermined and ridiculed someone who followed God’s will. For someone deeply faithful like that Eastern Great Lord, he had exhibited incredibly shameful behavior.

The unusually intense sunlight seemed to reprimand his foolish self; his heart felt heavy.

At the very least, he now told the servants to treat the mercenary wholeheartedly well, but that felt somewhat insufficient. The Eastern Great Lord called for his attendant again to prepare a special gift for Carlton.

‘He’s a man who executes God’s will, so I should treat him accordingly.’

As a faithful servant of God, the Great Lord swore to the burning sun that he would support all efforts to punish the demon worshippers.

And, though Luisen and Carlton were ignorant of this, the Eastern Great Lord became their strong, reliable supporter.

***

In a guest room in the mansion:

Luisen paced around as he looked out the window. He watched the Eastern Great Lord’s soldiers clean up around the estate grounds.

‘Should I go down and help now, at the very least?’

""



He was told to rest because he had worked hard all night; Luisen washed up and laid down on the bed, but couldn’t sleep. He thought it would be better to go out and run errands rather than to simply hang around in the room like this.

When he laid still, eyes closed, he kept thinking of Ruger’s death. The sight of the fallen body rising again, moving around and turning black, was so utterly creepy no matter how many times the young lord revisited those memories.

Black armor, black helmet, eyes gleaming through the pitch, and the energy of death hanging around him… It exactly resembled the Death Knight the young lord saw before his regression.

‘I thought it was all a delusion.’

The one-armed pilgrim also confirmed that they were illusions–people are known to hallucinate when they’re in so much pain. When he met the one-armed pilgrim, the Death Knight also disappeared; Luisen believed that was the case because he had gained peace of mind after meeting the saint.

But now, after looking back at his memories knowing the Death Knight could exist, doubts arose. Perhaps the knight did not disappear because his anxiety had been laid to rest but instead because the pilgrim had somehow done away with the Death Knight.

‘What came first? My peace of mind or the Death Knight’s disappearance?’

If it was the latter, then why did the one-armed pilgrim lie to him? Did he know about the demon worshippers?

Luisen clasped his hands tightly. ‘Either way, the fact that I received the man’s help doesn’t change.’

Even if the man extended a hand for some other purpose, that was the dying Luisen’s only salvation at the time. He didn’t want to doubt that.

‘I began to see the Death Knight after I was kicked out of Count Doubless’s land, before I left the South.’

Before regression, Ruger must have died and somehow became a Death Knight. From what the demon worshiper had said, it seemed like some condition had to be achieved in order for one to be born. Does that mean there was a situation similar to last night in the previous timeline?

Suddenly, Luisen recalled what had happened when he was chased out by Count Doubless.

Luisen had managed to reach the count’s mansion alone, carving a path through the forest. After meeting the count, he was briefly confined in something that resembled a warehouse. A little while afterwards, a knight fetched the young lord. He forcibly dragged Luisen away and chased him off; he threw the young lord a small sum of money and threatened to kill him if the young lord ever stepped foot in the South again.

Luisen was frightened and ran away without looking back. He had thought, of course, that because the count’s knight had driven him away, that was the count’s will.

But, now that he thought about it, perhaps it was another ploy made by Ruger and the demon worshippers; however, the young lord couldn’t understand, then, why they had let him go so easily.

‘Perhaps, was that Ruger? Did he allow me to run away…?’

As he imagined it, Luisen gave a wry smile.

‘Impossible. Why would the man who tried to kill me, save me?’

It was ridiculous–there was no reason for Ruger to behave in such a manner.

Besides, if the Death Knight he saw in the previous timeline was Ruger, then Ruger also died without living a long life. What a fool. If he was going to betray others, then he should at least live well. Luisen clicked his tongue.

Knock Knock–

He heard a knock on the door. “Who is it?”

“It’s me.” Carlton opened the door and entered.

The mercenary was somehow more attractive after washing away the traces of battle. Luisen quickly noticed the changes; Carlton wasn’t wearing what he usually wore but instead wore nice clothes–the quality that Luisen might wear. The soft cloth wound around his solid figure, highlighting the man’s build even better. Carlton didn’t look like a prince, not like Luisen would, but he gave off the aura and charm of an attractive, successful man.

“This was given to me by one of the Eastern Great Lord’s servants. He’s so enthusiastic with his care; it’s as if his attitude flipped like one would flip their hand.” Carlton shrugged his shoulders. Though he grumbled, he didn’t seem to mind this treatment. He had two glasses and a bottle of wine in hand, “I thought you wouldn’t be able to rest, so I brought these. It’s the best treatment for when someone is upset.”

Carlton shook the bottle. Luisen smirked before bursting into laughter. Alcohol was merely an excuse, and he felt happy that Carlton had come to console him.



* * *





TL: Sorry guys, hand is acting up again so I’m doing a little less formatting than usual T_T

Let me know if it’s too bad though, and I can edit it later.





Chapter 105


Chapter 105





Luisen and Carlton sat side by side on the sofa. This time, they had wine; the glasses were filled before they were clinked against each other in celebration of their victory. The sound of glasses hitting each other sounded so refreshing, and the purple liquid shook inside.

“What about Morrison? Is he still in the middle of interrogation?”

They had found a dying demon worshiper in the banquet hall–the man who pretended to be Viscount Boton. They had thought everyone was dead, but there he was; Morrison took the man as he was still breathing. Luisen had no idea how the inquisitor was going to interrogate someone who couldn’t even open his eyes. Morrison was incredibly exhausted, but he was still incredibly happy; the man said that following the Duke definitely was the correct decision.

“I stopped by a while ago, and he was still in the middle of his interrogation. Morrison told me a few things he discovered.” Carlton said.

The demon worshippers were small in scale–there were a total of 12 people who titled themselves, in almost a priestly manner, a worshiper. It seemed that they intended to adapt the allegory of the twelve apostles. They called each other by their numbers, and one of them seemed to be a fairly high-ranking figure in the kingdom: Ruger’s father.

“His father?”

“Ruger was not acknowledged, but instead an illegitimate son. Those guys didn’t seem to keep secrets between them.”

“Oh….”

So, it was a lie that Ruger was the third son of some aristocratic family. Luisen had expected that and wasn’t too surprised.

“Which noble?” Luisen asked.

“That hasn’t been uncovered yet.”

“I suppose they won’t reveal that too easily. Still, a lot has been found in such a short time.”

“Yes, well… the screams of a man hanging onto his last breaths are so loud…” Carlton frowned. The interrogation scene showed that the heretic inquisitor’s notoriety wasn’t an exaggeration. “Anyway, don’t go near him.”

Even Carlton looked unsettled. If Morrison had found out this much from a dying man in a short period of time, then the scene definitely didn’t look good. Luisen vowed to go nowhere near Morrison for the time being.

Carlton continued, “And, it seems those bastards are also in the capital.”

“The capital?”

“Yes. It seems that Ruger had been in the capital, at the royal palace.”

“The royal palace…” Luisen recalled the king and the first prince before reflexively wiping that train of thought. There were many people in the palace: servants, knights, administrators etc. Some nobles even lived in the royal palace when they visited the capital.

“What kind of person would he be…? I’d like to know before I run into him at the palace,” Luisen furrowed his brow.

“Morrison has decided to share that information as soon as he finds out more. If he continues on as he has been, then the information should be uncovered soon.” Carlton, uncertain how he should loosen Luisen’s expression, pressed at the young lord’s forehead with his thumb. Luisen glared at Carlton for a moment before letting the mercenary do as he pleased because he looked so happy.

The touch, which began as a joke, became more and more significant. It swept down the back of the young lord’s sensitive ear. Carlton’s face also lost its smile.

The mercenary’s gaze was so intense that Luisen felt dizzy. Even the sounds of breathing felt tense. Luisen lowered his eyes slightly before closing his eyes altogether as Carlton gripped his chin.

As if he were waiting for that moment, the mercenary’s lips covered the young lord’s. When Luisen opened his mouth slightly, a searing tongue pushed inside. An intense grape flavor, from the wine, massaged his taste buds. It made Luisen’s head even dizzier to think that Carlton was tasting the same notes as he was.

The two pulled at each other’s bodies and deepened the indulgent kiss. They fell into a trance from the heat and touch of each other’s bodies. Before he knew what happened, Luisen was lying on the sofa and Carlton, naturally, was on top of the young lord.

Carlton’s knee squeezed in between Luisen’s legs. As the mercenary’s shadow cast over the young lord, Luisen swallowed dryly. He was half-nervous yet secretly eager.

However, Carlton touched Luisen’s forehead with his hand.

“Why?” Luisen asked.

“My Duke, you have a fever right now.” With a grave expression, the mercenary placed his hand inside Luisen’s clothes. The fingers were the same, but the heat had been taken out of the touch. “It’s quite high. You can’t feel the fever?”

“Uhh…” Come to think of it, Luisen thought his muscles had been aching since earlier. His head felt a little dazed, and his eyes felt dry. He had thought this was all because of last night’s struggles, but it turned out to be body aches from a fever.

“You’ve been overdoing it with your lack of stamina. It’s understandable that you’ve become ill.” From Carlton’s point of view, it was rather incredible that the young lord had endured thus far…especially considering his physical condition. The young lord must have persisted thanks to his mental fortitude and had simply surpassed his limit due to last night’s events.

“You’ll truly need to rest now.” Carlton slowly raised his body, still fiddling with Luisen’s cheek. He then lifted the young lord into his arms, took him to the bed, and laid him down. The mercenary covered the young lord with the blanket–all the way up to the neck. He even carefully drew the bed curtains so the young lord could sleep well.

“Sleep.”

“No, I can’t sleep like this.” Luisen said, ‘How am I supposed to sleep after a kiss like that?’

Luisen tried to willfully raise his upper body, but Carlton wouldn’t ever compromise with Luisen’s health.

“If you continue now, you may actually faint.” Carlton pressed Luisen back down, tucked the young lord’s arms in, and laid next to the young lord’s side. When Luisen tried to rise again, he placed his hand on Luisen’s chest to stop any further movement.

“I said I can’t sleep,” Luisen grumbled as he forcefully kept his eyes wide open. ‘I won’t sleep–I’ll never sleep. Let’s see who wins.’

Carlton laughed as if he found the young lord amusing. He patted Luisen’s chest with a regular rhythm and hummed a familiar lullaby. It was a bit awkward since this was the first time the mercenary sang, but the young lord felt that, due to the pleasant voice, the song was melting in his ears. His body was wrapped in warm bedding; the lullaby soothed his tired mind. Naturally, the tension and strength fled from his body.

Luisen tried his hardest, but his eyelids kept becoming heavier. Seeing the young lord’s struggles, Carlton gently began to croon and assuage the young lord, “Don’t worry and sleep. You can always continue at any time.”

“Are you going to stay here?”

“Of course. I will continue to stay by your side.”

“Then… Alright…”

As soon as the anxiety and tension left his body, Luisen fell asleep. He couldn’t overcome the fatigue and the fever-born body aches.

Carlton lay still beside the young lord, watching Luisen’s sleeping face. ‘Is he even going to remember what we talked about right before he went to sleep?’

On the surface, it sounds as if the mercenary merely promised to be next to his side while he’s sleeping, but that answer also belied Carlton’s own determination.

Luisen’s near death experience during the previous night came as a great shock to Carlton. He was so startled; he could not figure out Ruger’s intentions. Even though the attendant hesitated in front of Luisen, the mercenary swung his sword. He didn’t particularly want to know the reason for Ruger’s hesitation then, but he happened to think back on that hesitation during his conversation with Morrison.

Apparently, loyalty and betrayal were both essential elements for the birth of a Death Knight. As soon as Carlton heard that, he realized that Ruger was about to spare and save Luisen at the last minute. Furthermore, the man was motivated by love.

There’s validity to the saying that like can recognize like. Ruger’s behavior and attitude resembled Carlton’s. He fell in love with someone who’s standing was hard to ignore and overcome; though he struggled to forget those emotions, his heart was full of lingering feelings, and he couldn’t help chasing after Luisen.

There was no tragedy greater than his fate: to become a cursed knight due to love.

Though it wasn’t any of Carlton’s business whether Ruger’s death was a tragedy or not, the mercenary had clearly gleaned what Aesop’s fable he could from this incident. If one continued to hesitate and waver like Ruger, neither love nor success will be within grasp. Only the worst end would remain: a futile death with nothing earned.

Carlton finally understood. Even if he died, he didn’t want to lose Luisen. He wanted to stay with the young lord for a long while. And, for that end, he would do anything.

Come to think of it, he had been quite unlike himself recently, speaking and thinking so weakly. If Luisen didn’t love him deeply, then he could simply seduce the young lord and deepen the young lord’s emotions. If it would be difficult to stand by Luisen’s side in his current position, he could climb to a similar standing using all he had accumulated thus far. There were sure to be many other obstacles, but he could break through them all.

Of course, that wouldn’t be as easy as he made it sound, but he was no stranger to hardships. Carlton’s life had always been a struggle for him to achieve and possess the impossible. Even if he had to break through the thorny path with his bare body–even if a battle completely unlike any other battles he fought was waiting for him–he was willing to take the risk…if the reward was Luisen Anies.

Deep in sleep, Luisen burrowed into Carlton’s arms. The mercenary took a break from his thoughts to fix his posture to make the young lord more comfortable.

‘Doesn’t this mean that he trusts and relies on me?’

The young lord was reassured enough to sleep now that Carlton was here; even though the young lord was in the throes of fever, he wanted to continue with intimate acts. Considering all of these, Luisen’s feelings towards Carlton weren’t so frivolous either. Though, the mercenary was unsure if the young lord was cognizant of the depth of his own emotions.

Carlton carefully stroked Luisen’s hair with his fingertips.

‘What should I do to help him become more aware of that? Does he also think of me all day?’

As the senior mercenaries around him used to say, a relationship may require some push and pull.

Carlton pinched the young lord’s cheeks slightly–Luisen’s tranquil sleeping face was so annoying. Then, his slight resentment melted away quickly because the young lord’s furrowed brows looked so lovely.

‘Let’s sleep well for now. Later, I won’t let you sleep even if you beg me for it.’

Carlton embraced Luisen gingerly. And, just like that, the mercenary fell asleep peacefully as well.



***



After sleeping soundly and fully recovering with some food, Luisen set out for the capital with his companions and the Eastern Great Lord’s band. The traveling party became much smaller than it had been; the Eastern Great Lord–who knows what the winds of change had done to him–sent back the nobles that were dragging their speed down and left a few soldiers to clean up Viscount Boton’s estate.

Morrison separated from them at the viscount’s mansion as well. He said he would not proceed to the capital immediately but would instead further interrogate the demon worshiper and act on his own. Luisen was sorry to see him go, but they decided to continue to exchange information once they opened up lines of communication with each other.

When they left the Boton estate, the group was able to move quickly without much trouble.

And, after a while…

Luisen and Carlton arrived at the capital.

‘Finally!’ Luisen deliberately stepped out of the carriage to set foot on the capital grounds.

It was a long and rough journey, and the hardships made him even more joyous to see the city. The young lord and Carlton held hands and shared their mutual delight.





* * *





TL: Omg, finally! The capital! It took over 100 chaps~

And I so glad Carlton’s gotten his confidence back regarding love. Also I know he mentions Luisen begging, but my personal 200 IQ thought is that it would be hot if Carlton begged.





Chapter 106


Chapter 106

Part 9.





As they arrived at the capital, they parted from the Eastern Great Lord’s party. Luisen and Carlton were left alone together to head to the mansion owned by the Anies duchy.

The early winter sky was clear and bright; the cool air had dispersed his tension slightly, making the young lord feel a bit better.

The duke’s mansion was not too far from the royal palace, and they arrived quickly. Passing through the gated entrance, they walked straight down the beautiful garden road with trees planted on either side; they saw the main building of the mansion in the near distance. In front of the mansion, all the employees had exited to greet Luisen–from maids to even the duke’s bodyguards that were stationed in the capital.

‘I didn’t expect to be able to come here again.’

With both delight and longing jumbled up inside, Luisen hurriedly dismounted his horse. Since Carlton had the horse’s reins and guided its movements, the young lord ended up looking quite cool and graceful. Luisen strode towards the attendant he kept at the capital.

A man stood in the middle of the welcoming party. He was in charge of the capital property and held the position of deputy chancellor. Due to fatigue, he looked older than his thirty or so years.

Before regression, he was the only one who Luisen knew about after his runaway escapade. The young lord had heard the man had protected the mansion until the very end before being given to Carlton as a slave; later on, when Carlton had fallen, the man had returned to his hometown.

Perhaps because he guarded the mansion until the very end, the deputy chancellor was special to Luisen’s heart. He tried to embrace the deputy with those emotions in mind but missed due to the man’s deep bow.

“My duke, congratulations on your safe return following your long journey.”

Following the deputy chancellor’s words, the people in front of the mansion bowed. Luisen accepted the greeting, awkwardly lowering his arms. “Yes–Thank you all for coming out like this.”

""



His overflowing vigor was dampened; this wasn’t an atmosphere that welcomed exuberant hugs. There was a subdued, mournful atmosphere among the people at the capital mansion. Everyone looked down with a cold, expressionless face; not a single person escaped this infinitely gloomy mood. Their demeanor was very polite, but it didn’t feel like a heartfelt welcome.

“Was the…mansion’s atmosphere always like this? Did something happen?” Luisen asked the deputy chancellor.

The deputy chancellor looked as if he couldn’t believe the young lord had even asked that question. “Did something happen…? Much has happened. My duke probably knows this quite well.”

He looked quite exhausted; ten years had been added onto his appearance. The mental and physical hardships he had suffered thus far had clearly lined his face.

In the last few months, after Luisen had fled to the duchy after the civil war had concluded, the people in the capital mansion lived as if they were walking on thin ice. Since the capital had fallen into the hands of the first prince, they, as part of the Anies faction who had pushed for the second prince, were surrounded on all sides by the enemy.

The culprit was, of course, Luisen. He had ignored his retainers and had clung to the second prince, leading to this fallout. It was natural for the people in the capital mansion to have resentment against Luisen, who had irresponsibly left the mansion and fled to the dukedom after causing this mess.

Of course, they had never wished any misfortune upon the duke. The sky seemed to fall on the day they had heard Luisen went missing. And, when the duke reappeared, they cheered. But that was it. When Luisen appeared before them again, their discomfort revived.

Therefore, they could not sincerely welcome the young lord’s return. The deputy chancellor and the other servants hid these feelings under placid expressions so that their inner thoughts would not be revealed to Luisen.

Luisen looked at the gathered people awkwardly. Now that he had become more aware of others’ discomfort, he had no idea what he should do.

He then made eye contact with a young maid; she was surprised to see the young lord’s face and couldn’t lower her eyes. When Luisen didn’t say anything, she hurriedly knelt down. “I-I apologize, my duke.”

“W-What? Why?” Luisen was flustered–what was this all of a sudden? What was going on? He approached the maid and tried to ask her that, but the deputy chancellor slipped between the two.

He said, “My Duke. She’s still a young, green maid, and she lacks manners. I’ll teach her well, so please don’t get angry at her.”

At the deputy chancellor’s words, Luisen finally realized that this all happened because he made eye contact with the maid.

‘Ah, that’s right. I was utter trash…’

There was so much that happened between now and his regression that he forgot, for a moment, about his previous reputation as an irredeemable lout.

After experiencing so much, he improved his character; after regression, his hard work and change was recognized by the denizens of the duchy. However, the people in the capital mansion had never seen this changed version of Luisen. In their eyes, Luisen was still a scoundrel who ran wild without knowing the hardships of the world.

Luisen was briefly dazed at the long-awaited consequences of his actions–his karma.

What kind of person was he back then? Of course, Luisen couldn’t remember properly–he wasn’t sober for most of that time. Though the young lord was usually indifferent with those around him, he had his irrationally angry moments.

‘Nevertheless, I don’t think I’ve ever personally punished or harassed my servants.’

Ruger was good at that–he often scolded the servants in the name of his lord.

‘Ruger again… No, I was in the wrong for leaving him unattended.’

At that time, Luisen also knew that Ruger was being a little bit too much, but the young lord was lazy and left the attendant be. From an outsider’s perspective, then, Luisen and Ruger may as well have been the same person.

In the end, this recrimination was self-inflicted. A corner of Luisen’s chest became heavy with guilt, but he tried to hide that as he spoke to the deputy chancellor, “Don’t worry about that. I won’t get mad for making eye contact. Now, I’ll never punish servants for no reason, unlike before.”

“Yes?”

“I’m saying that I’m different from before.”

The deputy chancellor didn’t seem to believe those words. However, he was a bit bewildered–after all, Luisen wasn’t the type of person to explain himself to his retainers.

The deputy chancellor’s eyes shook. Carlton cut in before the man could say anything, “Let’s speak inside. The duke must be very tired from the long journey.”

The deputy chancellor looked at Carlton, only realizing the man existed after he spoke. “By the way, you are…”

“It’s Carlton.”

The deputy chancellor’s eyebrows rose when Carlton introduced himself; it felt as if his pupils were about to explode. He tried to maintain his expressionless demeanor, but his cheeks trembled slightly.

A sudden thought struck the young lord’s head. He had become so close to Carlton that he forgot that less than a year had passed since they waited with bated breaths as they received tense news of the mercenary happily demolishing the second prince’s side during the civil war. Carlton was still an object of fear…His retainers acted just like Luisen did when he had first met the mercenary.

Luisen quickly intervened before the deputy chancellor could make a verbal gaffe right in front of his companion, “Sir Carlton is my guest. He’s a benefactor who has saved my life time and time again on our journey to the capital. Please treat him kindly.”

He grabbed Carlton’s arm and tried to convey to him, with his eyes, to act nicely. Carlton laughed and smiled on command. Though the mercenary didn’t look particularly friendly, the deputy chancellor nodded without another word.

The path through the hallways and to their room was a bit difficult–the servants’ gazes made the backs of their heads sting. Luisen kept his head firmly forward because he was worried that, if he were to randomly make eye contact, someone else would kneel down as if they had committed some heinous crime that deserved the death sentence.

He did wonder, though, why his deputy chancellor was staring so intensely at him.

Luisen’s dark history was revealed with each suspicious look and reaction from the people around him.

""



Upon arriving in the room, Luisen sent the deputy chancellor away on the pretext that he needed to converse alone with Carlton. It wasn’t until he was left alone with the mercenary that Luisen released a deep sigh; he sank down onto the sofa with all his strength seeping out through his pores.

“Why does a corridor need to be that long.” Luisen grumbled, blaming the guileless hallway. Carlton sat on the sofa table across from the young lord.They were close enough for their knees to touch. At some point, the two had become used to this lack of space and intimate distance.

“The people here are too much. My duke had suffered to return, and their reactions were…” Carlton was unhappy at the unwelcome atmosphere. After all, if Luisen could notice the unfriendly aura, of course the mercenary had noticed it as well.

Luisen’s face heated up from guilt, “That’s… It’s all my fault…”

“My Duke isn’t that bad. Additionally, hasn’t my duke done much work on himself? They should know that you are different from before.”

“…I don’t know if you know this, but it’s harder than you think to be labeled as a scoundrel in the capital.”

The capital had no shortage of thoughtless young folk from good families and a moneyed background. They enjoyed the nightlife, wielding the power their name and household brought them while scattering their money about. Because of that atmosphere and reputation, even the young folk who may be famous as scoundrels back in their hometown are simply considered ‘spirited’ in the capital.

To drink, gather with friends, and cause disturbances was not enough to be recognized as a scoundrel as everyone was surrounded by those types of folks. The person needed to cause a huge incident and yet have enough power and money to not be punished for the incident. They needed enough connections to keep playing about while being insulated from the consequences.

Not anyone can make a name for themselves–be branded as trash–in the capital. But, Luisen managed to do that. He couldn’t be proud of that past.

“The people of this mansion watched me do it all–would they believe in a rumor? There’s no way their perception of me would change now.” Luisen made a distressed noise as he fell into Carlton’s embrace. “I wanted to show you all my mansion and be cool as I did so. Now, all I’ve done is show how pathetic I can be.”

He’s shown so many ugly things to Carlton, so he had promised himself to show greatness in the capital…But, Luisen had failed from the very start. His karma from his days as a scoundrel had followed him into this life–past death. Luisen felt genuinely depressed, but Carlton burst into laughter.





* * *





TL: Karma strikes again! But you know what? I’m blaming Ruger–the dude kept Luisen drunk constantly for his own twisted desires. I bet blaming the maids etc was for his own possessiveness.

""





Chapter 107


Chapter 107





“I’ve never thought you were pathetic.”

“…Think carefully, though? When we first met, I was being trampled by a goblin.” Luisen squinted and gave the mercenary a suspicious gaze.

Carlton smiled, closing his eyes as he recalled that time, “Ah, that time. You had quite a distressed face. Thinking back on those memories, you were quite cute.”

“!” Luisen lightly slapped Carlton’s chest at the sudden compliment.

“You were struggling, even then. Since my Duke is always trying his best, those who recognize that effort will never think of you as pathetic. Haven’t you already reversed your reputation in the duchy? Since you’ve already been successful once, my Duke can manage that feat again.”

“Is that so…?”

“I used to dislike my Duke as well. But now…” Carlton swept Luisen’s hair behind his ears and kissed the young lord’s temple lightly. The touch of his lips–as light as a feather–tickled Luisen’s heart.

‘Well, I suppose Carlton has come around about me.’ Luisen thought.

No matter how many grudges the capital mansion folks had against Luisen, that did not compare to the mercenary’s murderous desire when they had first met. Compared to Carlton, the treatment the young lord received at the mansion was more akin to a cute tantrum.

‘That’s right. If I do what I need to do, my reputation as a scoundrel will naturally change.’

After all, that’s what he has been doing this entire time. And, as Carlton pointed out, he had already changed opinions once at the duke’s castle. After regression, he experienced many things: preventing war in the duchy and escaping the demon worshippers’ kidnapping attempts. So, he’ll be able to do well again.

Drawing comfort from Carlton’s reassurances, Luisen recharged his confidence.

“Well, still, it is a bit excessive for them to kneel just because you made eye contact with them.”

“Right? There’s much I have to do immediately, but everyone is still wary of me. I’m not sure where I should start or what I can accomplish.” Luisen said.

There was a lot of work to do other than saving his reputation. He needed to find out who was backing the demon worshippers in the royal capital, and he needed to establish his ducal authority. Those would prove to be a little difficult if his servants were uncooperative.

“You’re the smart one. Tell me. Do you have any ideas?” Luisen asked.

“Perhaps you should invite him to dinner.”

“Dinner?”

“You should invite the people who work in the mansion for dinner–to praise them for their hard work and to eat together. There’s nothing like a shared meal to increase intimacy. They may also feel that the Duke especially cares about them, and their resentment will be soothed.”

There was some truth in Carlton’s words, so Luisen nodded. Certainly, this was something that pre-regression Luisen would never have done–to bring together the working staff and retainers, praising them, and serving them a meal. Even though this didn’t seem like much, it would be a good way to naturally show a different side to himself.

And, thinking back to his time at the duchy, eating together did increase his intimacy with the citizens quickly.

“Great. I’ll do as you say.” He should go and discuss this with the deputy chancellor. Since the mansion should be full of food, it wouldn’t be so difficult to accommodate this sudden request.

Luisen suddenly remembered something and added, “This dinner will be something to look forward to. The duchy produces all sorts of delicacies, so you’ll be able to feel the status of my household name. I’m sure there will be foods you’ve never eaten or encountered before.”

The dinner should be worth bragging about to the mercenary. The young lord’s mouth watered with his rising anticipation.

“You wouldn’t be able to tell since you’ve only seen the duchy after the civil war, but the original power of the dukedom is great. We were wealthy and had a large labor force. There was much to eat, and the people were incredibly generous.”

“Yes.”

“Be aware that we aren’t inferior compared to the royal family. No matter what the prince seduces you with–whatever he offers you, I can do the same.”

“Ahaha.” Carlton burst into laughter. He had wondered why Luisen kept bragging about his family, but he seemed to be subconsciously competing with the first prince. “Are you worried I wouldn’t come back after I meet the first prince?”

Carlton was scheduled to meet with the to-be-king tomorrow. The prince ordered him to bring Luisen, and the mercenary needed to report on various matters. The mercenary also discussed with the young lord how they should take that opportunity to gauge the prince’s intentions and the atmosphere at the royal palace.

After the report, the mercenary promised to return to Luisen, but Luisen seemed worried that Carlton would be swayed to the prince’s side instead.

“No… it’s just…I’m just giving you some information. About how well off I am.” Now that the other saw through to his heart, Luisen avoided the mercenary’s eyes.

However, Carlton wasn’t nice enough to let the young lord go and avoid him. Carlton raised Luisen’s chin with his finger, forcing their eyes to meet. The mercenary had lost control of his lips, and the corners of his smile soared high enough to be in the sky. “Ah, so that’s why you wanted to show me a cool and impressive side. Answer me, hm?”

“Do you really need to hear my answer? You’re teasing me, aren’t you?”

How mean of Carlton to ask for clarification when he already knew the answer. Luisen held out on not answering, knowing how despicably perceptive the mercenary was. However, Carlton’s black eyes–glistening with joy–were just so pretty, Luisen’s lips opened automatically, “…You’re correct. I wanted to look good in front of you.”

“I see. You really wanted to impress me. You like me that much?”

“……”

This time, the young lord didn’t answer, but Carlton embraced Luisen tightly. Then, like a man whose joy was now beyond his control, he playfully ruffled Luisen’s hair. The young lord’s ears, burning bright red, were now revealed through the gaps in the shining blond hair.

Luisen’s fair skin tended to turn red quite quickly. Carlton’s eyes roamed from the ears to the nape of the neck. The young lord’s neck was as red as his ears, and his body had stiffened from tension–due to pleasurable expectation rather than fear. It was natural for the mercenary to lean in with a kiss.

From the nape to the back of the ear…Carlton kissed along the line that his eyes had so persistently–yet lovingly–caressed. Carlton’s hand fiddled the young lord’s back, and a strange feeling rose between them.

‘All of a sudden, the atmosphere…’

With that thought in mind, Luisen responded enthusiastically, cupping Carlton’s cheek. For a long while–until the deputy chancellor came to ask about dinner plans–exhilarating, breathy sounds lingered in the room.



***



That evening, dinner was held according to Carlton’s proposal. All of those working in the capital mansion: from the old vassals who swore allegiance to the duchy, the deputy chancellor, the knights, servants, and maids.

At first, the dinner’s atmosphere was so gloomy that the meal itself seemed like a punishment. The people gathered looked at Luisen as if he were a ticking time bomb. However, the atmosphere slowly changed when the young lord stood up to toast all those in the mansion for all their hard work and gave them a small purse filled with gold coins as a token of his appreciation.

‘After struggling so hard outside the comforts of home, that punk must have learned to value people.’

‘He’s not really trying to punish us? He’s holding a dinner for our benefit? Duke Anies–that lout?’

The gold coins played a very decisive role. There was just too much for the noble to sprinkle about just for fun. People began to relax and enjoy the dinner; slowly but surely, good humor began to overtake the anxiety.

‘As expected, there’s nothing like gold in cases like these.’ Luisen thought.

It was not as if his image as a troublemaker had changed with this one action; many people hurriedly lowered their eyes when they locked gazes with the young lord. However, at least they didn’t kneel down on the spot and apologize.

The dinner was enough to suggest that things wouldn’t be as bad as it had been before–that Luisen wouldn’t be that much of a tyrant. And that the young lord knew how to reward devotion.

Though the deep creases in the deputy chancellor’s brows did not leave, the dinner ended without any problems.

***

The next morning:

Encouraged by the dinner’s success, Luisen went to his office and called for the deputy chancellor through a messenger servant.

The office was white from dust because Luisen had not used it for such a long time. The deputy chancellor was also very embarrassed; he hadn’t thought Luisen would use the office so soon after returning to the mansion so he had yet to clean the place properly. The playroom where Luisen enjoyed drinking and playing card games was cleaned impeccably, but Luisen did not even visit or go near the room.

Luisen opened the window to ventilate the place and was reading the letters sent to the mansion by the general. He checked them because he thought they may contain important information, but there was little substance.

That was when the deputy chancellor arrived; he hurried into the office and discovered Luisen. It felt as if his eyes were about to pop out. A servant came and told him that Luisen was calling him to the office, but he didn’t truly believe the young lord would actually be there.

To think that Luisen would sit in the office, sober–neither asleep nor drunk. Unbelievable. Luisen hadn’t walked into the office on his own since he was ten years old; in the past few years, the young lord had been out drinking and wouldn’t come crawling home until morning, drunk.

Moreover, Luisen was reading letters by himself! Everyone in the mansion knew well that Luisen could barely read a simple letter, so someone always read the letter for him. And, according to the deputy chancellor’s memory, the letters from the general were about finances and taxes–not so simple content.

“Ah, come in everyone. I’m sorry to summon you so early in the morning, but I’ve called for you because I thought it would behoove me to get a grip on the situation in the capital as soon as possible,” Luisen said.

It was only when Luisen acknowledged his presence that the deputy chancellor returned to his senses.





* * *





TL: Omg, this couple kills me.

Also…wtf Luisen you couldn’t read back then????





Chapter 108


Chapter 108





“I’m sorry, what matters did you want to discuss?”

“The political situation at the capital. I want to know about the current status of the royal family or any of the nobles’ movements. You must have investigated, yes?”

“Yes, we have been investigating as per the general’s order, but… Why… are you curious about that…?”

“It’s my job to meet the prince or the other nobles–I shouldn’t make any mistakes.”

An incredibly normal answer–the deputy chancellor felt even more as if he had fallen into an alternate reality. There’s no way an idiot like him would say something so common sensical.

The deputy chancellor’s bewilderment was almost unnoticeable, hidden by the deep exhaustion that lined his face. So, without much further thought, Luisen asked, “Tell me about the royal family first. How is his majesty doing? I had only heard that there was an emergency.”

“I believe it’s likely that he’s still alive as there have been no messengers sent to the duchy.”

“‘Likely,’ hmm. Do you not know the exact happenings within the castle?”

“Yes. When the first prince seized control of the palace, the internal personnel employed there changed a lot. Our informants planted there seem to have been dealt with.”

“Is that so … I expected the first prince and the nobles who supported him to gain the upper hand. Then, there must be disadvantages to our side, yes?”

“That’s likely the case… But, if they don’t want to turn the South into an enemy, they won’t be able to directly persecute us.”

The conversation seemed to flow naturally, but the deputy chancellor was surprised every time Luisen opened his mouth. This was something someone would say if they were interested in the world’s political state and happenings, but the person speaking was Luisen!

‘Am I really talking about politics so ordinarily with my Duke? Is this really reality?’ he thought.

Luisen had always taken for granted everything the vassals had taken care of; for his entire life, he had ignored disputes that had taken place right next to him, in neighboring districts, as if they were someone else’s business. He was so passive that others often cut him out of the process, nor did he ever ask questions or try to learn more.

‘This person… is he really the duke I know?’

The deputy chancellor examined Luisen’s face. He had served the meritorious ducal family for years, and his forefathers had served the family for generations. He originally had worked in the duchy before following Luisen when the young lord came to the capital. The deputy chancellor had watched the young lord closely all his life; the beautiful face that others couldn’t help but revere seemed almost ordinary to him at this point. The young lord’s delicate appearance, which looked somewhat nobly arrogant, was the same as it had been a few months ago.

However, something about Luisen’s face felt unfamiliar. Ever since yesterday, when Luisen appeared on horseback and approached them, this feeling hadn’t disappeared.

The deputy chancellor soon realized why that was the case: Luisen’s aura was completely different.

Previously, Luisen was lethargic and listless, as if he had no expectations in life. There were many people who admired that aura, as it exuded an almost unrealistically noble demeanor, but, from a vassal’s viewpoint, that sort of attitude wasn’t reliable nor satisfactory.

As the owner of the golden fields, he should exude steadfastness, an unshakeable sense of stability. He should be like a tree standing tall upon this earth, providing merciful shade from the cruel, hot sun. The vassals of the Anies duchy could believe in *that* Luisen and follow him anywhere. What could the vassals strive for with a listless lord?

However, Luisen’s current appearance was exactly the opposite of the Luisen the deputy chancellor remembered. Luisen’s two pupils sparkled vividly with passion, and his expression was lively. His gaze was direct, and his words were filled with strength, conveying a strong sense of self-confidence within. There was some nervousness about his current situation, but he was not afraid; rather, he was confident, as if he knew what needed to be done.

How could a person become so different in just a few months?

‘It’s not a Duke; He’s a different person…No, that’s impossible.’ The deputy chancellor quickly retracted his momentary doubts.

A face like Luisen’s could not have a twin in this world. The deputy chancellor, who often lamented Luisen’s folly, had to acknowledge the young lord’s face.

‘If he’s not another person, then he’s really changed…’

The deputy chancellor had heard what had happened in the duchy. In fact, the general sent a letter, which declared that the young lord had changed; the old man made a fuss like a normal elderly person boasting about his grandchildren. Furthermore, the deputy chancellor had also heard rumors that Luisen helped the people of this land by posing as a pilgrim.

The deputy chancellor had not believed any of it. Although the general deserved respect for his shrewdness and competence, the older man tended to overestimate the young lord’s strengths and magnify his good qualities. Just like a parent would with their unruly child.

And, rumors were historically unreliable, and the deputy chancellor thought the duchy may have exaggerated the news for positive propaganda. Above all, the deputy chancellor was privy to Luisen’s scoundrel days; the young lord was too chaotic for him to believe in such hearsay.

However, if he carefully observed the young lord’s behavior since he returned to the mansion, he couldn’t help but admit that the young lord was almost unrecognizable from his old, trashy self.

The old Luisen would never have gathered the household staff and treated them to dinner and consoled them for the hardships that they had suffered. Similarly, he would have never sought the office and been curious about the current political situation. In the past, it would have been unimaginable to even think that Luisen would think for himself and make any effort.

‘Mmm… Fine. He’s changed, somewhat.’

The deputy chancellor still did not believe that Luisen could have accomplished so much by himself, but he had to admit that so many things had happened.

‘I guess it was time for this rascal to come to his senses. I’m just glad he won’t cause any more accidents in the future.’

The deputy chancellor’s impression of the young lord’s change amounted to about that much.

People don’t change easily, and their determination can quickly weaken. Although the young lord showed a different side of himself upon returning home, he could still revert to his old ways.

Even if Luisen truly reflected on his past, he was still Luisen. Just because he was now a reformed rascal, it doesn’t mean that all missteps he had made will disappear, nor does it make unfavorable circumstances suddenly become better. It does not wipe away the karma that had already accumulated. An incapable person who suddenly changes their mind won’t gain newfound abilities.

For those reasons, the deputy chancellor acknowledged the young lord’s changes but still held no expectations.



***



After a long conversation with the deputy chancellor, Luisen went to meet Carlton. The mercenary was warming up by swinging his sword in the training field behind the mansion, sweating profusely despite the cold weather. Thanks to his excessive perspiration, his damp tunic clung to his body, revealing a well-muscled torso. The passing maids and Luisen paused, admiring the sight.

“My Duke!” Carlton smiled brightly when he noticed Luisen. A sigh of admiration escaped from someone in the audience. Although the mercenary didn’t often draw attention with his face–as his physique was so outstanding and his expression was so gruff; most people didn’t realize, but Carlton was also a handsome man who could turn heads on the street.

“Are you done with your conversation?”

When Carlton ran to him like a water buffalo–eyes focused only on him–Luisen smiled, satisfied. “Yes. At least, for now. According to the deputy chancellor, the duchy’s messenger is likely to arrive in the evening. Since the general must have prepared something, I decided to postpone our business until after receiving the messenger.”

“Then, you have time to play with me, now?” Carlton smiled gently as he took the young lord’s hands.

Time? If Luisen didn’t have any, he would have stolen hours from somewhere to make himself available. He nodded enthusiastically.

Carlton quickly went to his room to wash off his sweat and change clothes. Since there was still time until lunch, Luisen held Carlton’s hand and wandered around the mansion. Thanks to the small number of staff working in the mansion, the corridors were empty, and the two of them were not disturbed wherever they went.

Whenever Luisen discovered a room where precious items were stored, he picked the best trinket and placed it in Carlton’s pocket. A potion blessed by a fairy, a dagger said to be one of the last remaining works by a legendary blacksmith, a jeweled ring large enough to be used as a weapon, etc.

The capital mansion’s warehouse overflowed with precious items, and there was no one to stop the out-of-control Luisen, who was in a rush to supply Carlton with anything good. Carlton played along for a bit, but he finally cried out when the young lord wasn’t satisfied with filling the mercenary’s pockets and was beginning to adorn his neck and arms with jewels. “Stop–that’s enough. If you give me more than this, I’ll have to carry them in a sack.”

“Ah–should I call for a servant?”

“I’m saying, this is enough.”

“What a shame–there’s still more warehouses and storage rooms left.”

“It’s really fine, so please rest.” Carlton sat on a sofa in the hallway and dragged Luisen on top of his lap. Luisen didn’t resist and snuggled into Carlton’s embrace.

“I don’t think I could buy any of these things with money even if I wanted to–are you sure you can just give me them all?”

“I’m merely giving you items I own–who would say anything against that? It’s not as if I’m buying something new to give to you; we’re merely playing around in the warehouses. They all belong to you.” Just by being in Carlton’s embrace, Luisen felt as if he could buy a mansion, but he tried to be nonchalant.

“Your duchy is amazing indeed. Honestly… until now, I did wonder what made your household different from other nobles’ households,” Carlton said.

“I told you, didn’t I? We’re experiencing a temporary setback right now–we’ll recover soon. I talked to the deputy chancellor, and our outlook is bright.” Speaking of which, Luisen began to inform Carlton of his conversation with the deputy chancellor. Carlton may as well know what the situation inside the capital was like.

“I don’t know about the first prince, but the nobles under his wing won’t look favorably upon his once enemy, Duke Anies.” Carlton sharply pointed out.

“I’m sure my authority will be restrained, but they can’t openly attack a Great Lord’s household and authority. The other Great Lords wouldn’t just sit back and watch–it’s in their best interests to uphold precedent for their authority and mine.”

“I suppose that is true.”

“But, there’s something bothering me: Count Doubless. I was informed that he was currently enjoying the highest prestige in the capital right now.”

""



The count himself wasn’t a particularly impressive man in Luisen’s memory, but he loathed to let matter pass. After all, Cullen1 had met the demon worshiper in Count Doubless’s territory, and it was there that Ruger took Luisen on the night of his ill-fated midnight escape.

Luisen asked, “The count has the full support of the first prince and was entrusted with all sorts of business. He’s apparently the de facto right-hand-man. Was their relationship always like that?”

“No. Until I left the capital, he never held that kind of position. He had some reputation for being faithful but, as a noble from the South, it was difficult for him to obtain an important position.”

Carlton recalled how nobles from the South tended to be excluded from key positions, even if they were loyal and devoted to the first prince, since Luisen had openly sided with the second Prince.

“Thanks to that, the aristocrats from the South were generally united around Count Doubless; a few people wondered if he was aiming to become the leader of the Southern faction.”

“Come to think of it, I heard a rumor before I left the duchy. Apparently, the Southern nobles at the capital were moving in some strange yet significant manner.”

Luisen’s ominous hunch that the Count was a demon worshiper was becoming more believable.





* * *





TL: Luisen’s really in his sugar-dad era isn’t he?





Footnotes




Cullen, if you remember, is the snake-monster-raising handyman Carlton and Luisen met aboard the ship on their way to the capital.





Chapter 109


Chapter 109





Come to think of it, Count Doubless emerged as the new Southern region leader after the Anies duchy fell. If Count Doubless was on the demon worshiper’s side, then did the first prince, who was allegedly close to that man, have nothing to do with the heretics?

Luisen had a somewhat favorable impression of the first prince. He had rejected the man as a prince, but it was still impressive to see that, as a king, the man worked hard to rebuild his collapsed kingdom.

‘If he was related to the demon worshippers, he wouldn’t have expended such efforts to maintain the kingdom, right?’

Still, the young lord couldn’t let his guard down completely. After Morrison, Luisen realized he shouldn’t judge people based on his past memories. In addition, even if the first prince wasn’t directly related to the demon worshippers, it would be a problem if his henchman, Count Doubless, antagonized Luisen.

Luisen and Carlton had many conversations on their journey to the capital. And, among those conversations, they had talked about the first prince. They both agreed that he was a very politically-skilled person who also had a strong character.

In the end, they weren’t 100% sure of the prince’s inner thoughts. That was one of the reasons why Carlton had to directly meet with the prince in the royal palace.

“Hmph, well… Actually, my outlook is not all that hopeful. There are still mountains to climb. I was bragging just a bit. But, still, let me give you a gift. I’d like to give you something,” Luisen deliberately pretended to be sullen.

Carlton’s heart softened, “Then, at least give me a cloth pouch to carry all this. Doesn’t my Duke find my current appearance a bit comical too?”

“Mmm.”

The pockets of both his pants and top were bulging–near bursting; both a sword and dagger were hanging from his waist. A necklace adorned with large jewel eggs hung from his neck. The mercenary looked a bit like a petty thief who had accidentally stumbled upon and robbed a treasure trove.

“I guess I went too far,” Luisen didn’t hold back his laughter. When would he ever see Carlton look this ridiculous? However, immediately, Carlton’s eyes became grave.

“What is it?” Luisen asked, ‘Did I tease him too much?’

Before the young lord could ruminate far too much, Carlton spoke, “Can’t you hear the sound of hooves?”

“Hm?” Luisen had no idea. However, not wanting to disregard the mercenary’s words, he followed the other to the window. Thanks to the high floors of the mansion, they could see across the mansion grounds to some extent.

In the distance, near the entrance to the mansion, there was perhaps a flying flag. The cloth was pale blue with a lion emblem embroidered on top.

“Isn’t that the flag of the Royal Knights?”

“That’s right…”

The Royal Knights were a personal guard unit directly under the monarchy, obeying only the king’s orders. That unit was now converging on the Duke of Anies’s mansion without Luisen’s permission.

If this were an ordinary visit, they definitely would have waited at the entrance and waited for Luisen’s permission to visit the mansion. So, the two could guess that the situation was unusual just by looking at the unit’s actions.

“Shouldn’t we avoid them?” Carlton immediately embraced Luisen with enough strength that the young lord couldn’t help but wonder if the mercenary was about to grab him and run away.

Luisen thought for a moment before shaking his head, “We’ve come this far, and there’s nowhere else to run. Let’s find out what’s happening first.”

In addition, it wasn’t right to run away and abandon the staff at the capital mansion. Besides, the young lord calculated that the knights wouldn’t willfully harm himself: a duke and the Southern Great Lord.

“Still, we don’t know what will happen, so I shall prepare for a fight.” Carlton hurriedly threw off all the troublesome trinkets like necklaces or other accessories, and only held a sharp dagger in his hand. When Luisen saw the mercenary decide without a moment’s hesitation to fight the knights the first prince had probably sent, Luisen’s heart was moved.

Luisen pulled on the mercenary’s arm on impulse; he raised onto his tiptoes and laid his lips lightly across the other’s. Though the kiss was short, their eyes remained fixated on each other for a long time.

“Let’s hope that it’s nothing,” Luisen replied lightly. However, he knew that his wish was improbable.

The two hugged each other tightly–they moved almost simultaneously, and it was hard to tell who moved first. Then, they hurried to the mansion’s front yard.



***



By the time Luisen had descended to the first floor and exited, the Royal Knights had just arrived in front of the mansion. There were about a dozen knights in total, all fully armed.

They stood side by side, in a row, and surrounded the mansion’s front yard–a show of intimidation. Behind their line, Luisen could see his security guard, disarmed and detained.

‘Are they here to start a fight?’ Luisen had a very unpleasant feeling, but he remained silent. Suffocating tension filled the front yard.

The leader of the Royal Knights, Sir Boros, dismounted from his horse and greeted Luisen politely. “It’s been a long while, my Duke.”

Luisen had often seen Boros during his visits to the capital, and the two were also connected through their families. Although they were not particularly close, they were not complete strangers either.

“Not only is it atrocious enough that you have stepped into my house without permission, but you point swords at my people as well? What kind of behavior is this–is this some violent shakedown? Since when were the Royal Knights a band of uncivilized thugs who don’t know proper knightly manners nor the ways of the nobility?” Luisen firmly reproached Sir Boros and his knights.

Though the young lord was afraid to go out, bare and unarmed, in front of his armed opponents, he knew that if he showed any weakness here the people of his mansion would become even more frightened. So, he tried to pep himself up. Carlton, standing behind him with back straight and tall, was also reliable.

“Violent shakedown? You’re mistaken. We have just disarmed your people to prevent unnecessary clashes. We are here to protect you, by the king’s royal command.”

“Protection?” What kind of protection is this? They had disarmed his perfectly capable knights and surrounded his mansion. He was in disbelief, but Luisen raised his chin and pretended to be sympathetic.

“The prince was greatly concerned to hear the Duke had been threatened by ruffians on his journey to the capital. Fortunately, the Duke was safe, but the criminals have not been caught.”

The criminals may be after Luisen again, Boros continued. However, there was not enough manpower at the young lord’s mansion to protect Luisen. Therefore, the prince sent his royal guards to protect the Duke.

“There’s nothing to worry about from now on. We shall reside in the mansion and protect the duke at every moment,” Sir Boros said, adding that, from now on, access to the mansion would be restricted. And the people here must be checked by the knights if they are to go outside.

That pretext sounded plausible, but Luisen had tasted too much bitterness in the world to fully believe Boros’s words.

‘…He’s not talking about protection, but surveillance. They want to intimidate me with the knights and break my spirit with their constant presence.’

Luisen frowned. “I don’t need protection. Go back.”

“That would put us in a difficult situation.”

“As the person involved, don’t I have the right to refuse?”

“Yes. My Duke, you don’t.”

“……” Luisen didn’t really think they’d step down with just a few words. Judging by Sir Boros’s instant replies, it seemed the other side had come determined and prepared. In other words, Boros’s stubbornness belied the first prince’s strong will to overpower and subdue Luisen.

Luisen glanced at Carlton absentmindedly. He seemed taken aback by the unexpected turn of events. Carlton had predicted that Luisen would not be excluded outright–though the young lord would be made uncomfortable–as long as the first prince remained sane.

‘I didn’t know the first prince would rush out so instantly and openly hostile.’ Luisen thought. Naturally, the demon worshippers and Count Doubless came to mind. With his eyes, he asked Carlton, ‘What should we do?’

With the Royal Knights stationed at the mansion, they’ll have even less of a chance to add any useful information to their already lacking stock. Carlton, at least, needed to go to the castle and figure out what was happening outside.

Carlton responded with a gaze of his own, ‘Let’s go with our plan for now.’

‘Will it be alright?’

‘Since it doesn’t seem like they want to get rid of me, I should see what I can do.’

They were able to talk quickly–with their eyes–due to their long discussions previously.

“Then, I’ll go to his Highness, the prince, now.” Carlton said.

“Ah. Did you say your name is Carlton? Very well. The prince is looking for you–go on. If you give them my name, they’ll let you into the castle.” Sir Boros said.

It was clear the knight had no lost love for Carlton. Carlton neatly stepped back and said his farewells, “It has been an honor to serve you, my Duke.”

“You’ve had a hard time as well.”

It was a simple greeting that could be shared between two people who had only traveled together for a short while–nothing more. At the thought of being unable to see Carlton for the near future, Luisen wanted to drag the mercenary into a tight embrace and kiss him deeply, but the young lord held it in. Nothing good could come from that momentary lapse of judgement.

Without any hesitation, Carlton got up from his seat, almost as if he were relieved. In reality, he had been in agony the whole time, as if someone had grabbed him by the hair. But, he knew that this was for Luisen’s benefit, so the mercenary desperately tried to act calm.

Luisen couldn’t take his eyes off the mercenary’s back until it was time for him to return inside the mansion.



***



The Royal Knights took complete control of the mansion. They roamed around the mansion, creating an intimidating and eerie atmosphere for no good reason and pressuring the staff. The people of the mansion, who had already been anxious, grew even more frightened. As fear and anxiety grew, so too did their resentful gazes towards Luisen.

The Knights had also stuck closely to Luisen–an intense, close surveillance.

‘This reminds me a bit of the past.’

The looks of distrust and resentment, the close watch and confinement…

He was reminded of when Carlton had occupied the duchy.

‘Sir Boros won’t physically throw me around like Carlton did, so should I say things are better now?’ Luisen chuckled a bit futilely.

When he saw that, the deputy chancellor shouted, as if all repressed emotions were bursting out, “Can you even laugh right now?! What impertinence! You little lion cub who couldn’t dare rise to your throne. Are you really the Great Lord of the South–the ruler of the golden fields?!”

“Calm down–watch your language.” Luisen reminded him that this conversation was also being watched over by the knights.

The deputy chancellor lowered his voice and whispered, “My duke. You must never accept those men. They’ll interfere with everything we do.”

“I know that as well…but what can I do when they don’t accept my refusal.”

They had no power to fight and drive them away. It would be best to look for a different method than to squabble for no reason.

“I’m telling you this from the bottom of my heart. You and a few knights are the only retainers I have at this capital mansion. Two knights wouldn’t even pose a roadblock for a company of Royal Knights. In reality, you and I are the only ones who can solve this situation, but what am I to do if you become so agitated?” Luisen calmly soothed the deputy chancellor.

“First, you must settle the chaos within the mansion. I shall do something about the Knights,” Luisen continued.

When Luisen, the person that used to be the most flighty and easily agitated, remained calm, doubts began to permeate the deputy chancellor’s gaze. Just today, several times already, he had adopted an expression that belied his thoughts: ‘Are you really our household trash?’





* * *





TL: Luisen, you’ve got your work cut out for you at the capital T_T You’re starting from a difficult position.





Chapter 110


Chapter 110





The deputy chancellor was not audacious enough to openly ask his lord, ‘Who are you?’

He did ask, “Do you have any ideas in mind?”

“Hm, coercion and conciliation… Bring Sir Boros here in a little while–make sure to not be conspicuous.”

When he heard the absurd answer, the deputy chancellor instantly remembered the General’s letter. The man had asked him to obey the lord even if his orders seemed strange. “…Understood.” The deputy chancellor replied sourly.

Rather than believing in Luisen, he thought there must be some reason to the admirable General’s request. Moreover, he couldn’t think of any other way to overcome this situation.

“I shall appease the staff and, looking at the situation, bring Sir Boros at the right time.” The deputy chancellor bowed and exited the room. Despite the royal knights bustling around the mansion as if it were their own home, he controlled his expression and carried out the tasks Luisen assigned. Though he had no other choice, it felt strange to follow the young lord’s instructions.



***



As he waited for the deputy chancellor to bring Sir Boros, Luisen clasped his hands together, tight with tension and anxiety.

‘I’m Luisen Anies–Duke Anies. I was born fortunate. Our family hasn’t been ruined, and we have strong followers. Yes, that’s me–the biggest scoundrel in the capital!’

Luisen tried to recall his old persona. The young lord had looked so arrogant that his face flushed just thinking about it, but he needed that appearance now. Simultaneously, he tried to recall Carlton’s skillful negotiation skills, the wisdom of the one-armed pilgrim, and the General’s composure.

He had imagined all the formidable men he could think of as he tried to fantasize how he’d deal with Sir Boros. Thanks to that, by the time Sir Boros entered the room, Luisen had cultivated a suitably powerful and haughty demeanor.

“You’ve called for me?” The knight asked.

Luisen curled his finger–in that one gesture, he commanded Sir Boros to approach closer and told the deputy chancellor to leave. When the door closed, Luisen and Lord Boros were left alone in the room.

Luisen’s opponent was a well-trained knight–the young lord couldn’t even hold up a fist against the man. Despite that, Luisen looked down at Sir Boros with all the bravado he could muster. It wasn’t easy to adopt that expression against a person who towered over him while standing, but he succeeded by utilizing his experience from many years as a scoundrel.

Sir Boros flinched slightly. The young lord’s arrogance and aristocratic appearance was similar to before, but the feeling–the aura inside–felt somewhat different. In the past, Luisen’s arrogance arose from bluffing and a slight inferiority complex, but now the young lord’s demeanor originated from firm confidence.

‘I can’t believe he’s acting so confident even though his situation is so grave. Is he bluffing? Or does some conviction fuel his behavior?’ Luisen’s behavior made Sir Boros a little more cautious.

“I thought you were an intelligent person, but you seem to be thoughtless about the consequences?”

Luisen meant that, after all this passed and the Anies duchy regained its former power, he would repay today’s resentment. Could Sir Boros deal with that?

“I don’t know what you mean.” Sir Boros avoided answering by pretending ignorance, but he could not hide his furrowed brows. Luisen thought Lord Boros was the type to actively secure his own safety. In the royal capital, where there were webs of conspiracy to secure authority and power, could he have made a living as a knight captain without extraordinary perceptiveness and wit?

Luisen had a hunch that his threat would work, “In your eyes, do I seem like any ordinary noble?”

“……”

“I’m Luisen Anies. The sole owner of the Anies duchy, the guardian of the golden fields, and one of the few Great Lords in this country. I command the lords below and bear the sacred duty of confirming the king’s death and crowning the new king.”

It was a bit embarrassing to boast about himself, but Luisen put on airs. He knew that such an attitude, supported by his lineage and position, would make others look up to him. Luisen had learned the hard way, after losing everything, how powerful the force of his birthright could be.

“You’ve been in the royal palace for a long time, so you must know this well. Even if the prince antagonizes me now, do you think he’ll continue to do so? I am aware of the rumors circulating about how there may be a new leader of the Southern aristocracy. It seems the Duke of Doubless is gaining quite a bit of influence, isn’t he?”

“……”

“Do you really think my ancient lineage, older than the history of this kingdom, will crumble so easily? Eventually, the prince and I will reconcile–it’ll be impossible for him to govern state affairs without the wheat from the vast plains of the South.”

Of course, if the prince wanted to get rid of Luisen and instill a new lord, he could–especially if he was looking to cooperate with the demon worshippers. However, the young lord didn’t speak about any of that. After all, Sir Boros wouldn’t know about any of that. Instead, Luisen worked to drive a solid wedge into the knight’s chest. “What do you think will happen to you when the prince and I reconcile? I won’t forget today’s humiliation. It won’t be enough for you to pay for trampling over my estate with just your life. I won’t let your family go untouched.”

“That’s… as his Highness’s agent, I’ve only been following the prince’s orders.”

“That’s right. But, you cannot exactly vent to the prince, can you? Besides, the prince is the same. He would happily dedicate you and your family into my hands if it meant he would establish a friendly relationship with me.”

Between the Great Lord’s name and the mere captain of his Royal Guard, Sir Boros thought the prince would definitely choose the former. His face distorted without reserve. Desperately, he considered the possibility of the Duke of Anies surviving this period, successfully regaining power, and forging a friendly relationship with the prince. If the Duke was determined and the prince remained silent, he could imagine himself and his lineage being easily swept away.

‘I can hear the cogs in his brain rolling. I can hear it.’ Luisen looked at Sir Boros in a leisurely manner. Actually, he was very nervous inside and thought he should add more to his argument. However, he knew Carlton would maintain composure at this moment. A man with much to lose was easily weakened; the same was true of Sir Boros. The knight would have no choice but to raise the white flag first.

“…I didn’t want to be so extreme either, my Duke.”

“Was it something you didn’t desire? How amusing, considering the rather arrogant attitude you had when you first entered my mansion.”

“Well, there were many onlookers. It’s not like there was no connection between me and the Duke. I didn’t want to be so impolite. But the prince was too stubborn, so I had no choice.”

Boros threw away his domineering demeanor and started expressing his regret.

“Why is the prince acting this way?”

“I don’t know either. He wasn’t like this before… Lately, he’s been acting strange… Ah, let’s pretend you didn’t hear that.”

So, the Prince has become strange, hm? Luisen began to soothe Sir Boros gently after engraving this important piece of information into a corner of his brain. After the whip, he should give the knight a carrot. After all, Carlton had said that one shouldn’t push others too hard.

“That’s right–it was an order from above, so what could you do? You’re just fulfilling your duties as a knight–it must have been quite the dilemma.”

“Yes, that’s certainly true.”

“You must keep your dignity as well, so I shall sit still for a few days.”

“Thank you, my Duke.”

“In return, I’d like you to compromise as well. Remove your knights from inside the mansion. It has been a long while since I’ve returned home, and I can’t relax.”

Sir Boros couldn’t refuse when Luisen offered this concession. It wasn’t as if the Anies duchy had fallen, and there was nothing good about holding grudges. The milk had already been spilled when they had invaded the mansion, so he should at least grant this favor in order to maintain a good relationship. “…Then, I will keep the knights away from the interior of the mansion. However, I must report to the prince everything about my Duke’s activities and the people that come and go. I’ve been ordered to prioritize surveillance and control… Please, be understanding of this, at least.”

“That’s fine. That can’t be helped. We will be seeing each other for more than one or two days, so let’s try not to be so uptight.”

So, this takeover was about surveillance and control? Luisen didn’t think the first prince was the type to do this, but there was a tinge of insidiousness in this behavior.

The young lord felt a bit heated from frustration, but he smiled generously.

After consoling and soothing the knight some more, Luisen sent Sir Boros away. He didn’t forget to increase their intimacy through personal conversations such as ‘How is your father doing?’ and ‘Has your son grown up a lot?’

Because the young lord desperately tried to mask his anxiety, he was completely exhausted after the knight had retreated. However, the effects of his efforts were immediately apparent.

That night, Sir Boros had sent all the knights out of the mansion. Formally, one knight was left behind on each floor but, perhaps heeding Sir Boros’s desires, they stood still like statues and did not interfere with mansion staff.

Thanks to the deputy chancellor’s management, the staff became reassured. They learned that Luisen was the one to make the knights retreat, and their resentment was tempered. Instead, as intense as the resentment had been before, Luisen was now subject to curious gazes; the young lord’s face flushed hot.

And that same night, thanks to Sir Boros and his group’s changed hearts, Luisen’s people were able to smuggle a very important guest inside the mansion through a food cart.

The guest was originally a messenger from the General, who was supposed to arrive earlier that evening. However, the identity of the man was completely unexpected.

“It has been a long while, my Duke. Do you remember me? I’m the deputy commander of Carlton’s mercenaries.”

Carlton’s mercenary unit’s deputy–his lieutenant–greeted Luisen warmly.

“Of course I remember you!” Luisen welcomed him readily as well. The man looked rough and fierce but, because he was Carlton’s subordinate, the young lord felt friendly and affectionate for some reason. “How did this come about? Have you been in the duchy’s castle all this time?”

The situation was brought about like this:

While Carlton was in the midst of being pinpointed as the kidnapper, several of his men were arrested while waiting to join their leader in Confosse. They were transferred to the duchy and, after clearing up the misunderstanding, began helping with the ducal affairs and gathering up the rest of their comrades. When Luisen joined the Eastern Great Lord’s party and sent word back to the duchy, Carlton’s men came to the capital as messengers, intending to meet up with Carlton once more.

“Aiya, there’s certainly a lot of knights out there. My Duke, you’re too easily imprisoned. Where is our captain anyway? I came all the way here without taking a break to see him!” Carlton’s subordinate asked brightly. He had no doubts that their leader would be here, and he was joyful for their reunion.

That only made the young lord feel complicated as he had to pour cold water on that excitement.

‘Carlton…isn’t here though… If he just came half a day early…;’

Luisen looked at the man with pity in his gaze.





* * *





TL: Yes, Luisen, get that queen bitch energy!!!

Also, Around the first week of July (and I suppose the days coming up to it due to packing) I’ll be quite busy. I’ll be in Korea for the month of July for what was supposed to be a family trip…but then turned into a medical trip. I’ll be checking out and hopefully getting rid of a mini tumor in my brain/pituitary gland there. So, I’ll probably take a short break around then.





Chapter 111


Chapter 111





Luisen spoke with difficulty, carefully choosing his words to lessen the man’s disappointment, “Carlton isn’t here. He went to the royal castle just a moment ago.”

“Wha-a-at?!” Carlton’s lieutenant collapsed, shouting. His frustration made Luisen pity him for some reason. The man’s captain suddenly disappeared and was framed as a kidnapper. For Carlton’s subordinates, it probably felt as if they were struck by lightning several times. He must have run all the way here to see his captain, but he missed him by a hair’s breadth.

Luisen gently placed his hand on the subordinate’s rounded shoulder. The young lord wanted to offer some words of comfort–even if they were awkward–and assure him that Carlton would be safe.

However, Carlton’s subordinate wailed, “Ennis… Ennis must be waiting for me, but…”

“Mmm?”

He wasn’t calling out for Carlton? However the name Ennis…Luisen felt as if he had heard that name before. When Carlton and his men communicated in secret by using the bulletin board, the woman’s name was used in the disguised love letter.

“…Ennis is my girlfriend’s name. She’s working as a maid for the first prince.” The lieutenant said.

“I believe I’ve heard of her before.”

“I’ve been worried sick since news from the castle stopped coming regularly. I thought something might have happened. Since I can’t enter the capital alone, I was determined to follow the captain when he goes to the capital!”

So, the man was planning to meet his girlfriend when Carlton brought him along to the castle? But, he was this frustrated because his plan went awry?

“You weren’t worried about Carlton?” Luisen asked.

“Why would I worry about that person?” Carlton’s lieutenant frowned.

Luisen before pulling back his hand, which the young lord had reached out to console the man. “I guess you weren’t, huh…”

“He’s the kind of person who can crawl out of hell alone. He’s skilled at taking care of himself, so there’s no need for my Duke to worry. Sigh, I’m the one with problems; I can’t sleep because I’m so worried about Ennis. My duke, is there any chance you could take me with you to the royal palace?”

“I’m not really in a situation to go wherever I please.”

The Royal Knights outside endeavored to keep Luisen inside. Even if that weren’t the case, the royal castle, which Luisen used to come and go from as if it were his own house, was now closed off from him. The previous king had given him permission to come freely as he pleased, but now Luisen couldn’t enter the castle without the first prince’s permission.

“Anyhow, you came as a messenger from the General, right? Tell me quickly–what is the situation in the duchy?”

“Well, first of all, a heretic inquisitor came to the duchy. He had much to say. Demon worshippers… Isn’t that hard to believe?”

Morrison’s colleagues, the other heretic inquisitors and the holy knights, were investigating the Doubless County and the southern region with the support of the Anies Duchy.

“Have they found anything?”

“Not yet. They know that the church is already making moves, and those people seem to be taking care of themselves in their own ways. They have already decided to contact you as soon as they find anything.”

“Is that so…?”

Luisen didn’t even know these people–the demon worshippers–existed before regression. He didn’t expect for them to be caught easily; they were that meticulous and careful. “And? Anything else?”

“I heard that the duchy had a bountiful harvest this year. I have never before in my life seen so many bales of wheat.”

Many things had happened, but this year’s crop provided a good harvest. Taxes on the autumn harvest had been collected as well. Due to the civil war’s impact, grain prices had skyrocketed; selling grain to other regions will yield substantial profits.

If Luisen could resolve his entanglement and conflict with the first prince in the capital, avoid falling into the hands of the demon worshipers, and safely return the denizens of the duchy who were held captive, that would be enough.

His shoulders suddenly felt heavy.



***



After listening to Carlton’s deputy a little more, Luisen sent him away. Since they had to hide the man’s presence from the Royal Knights, the deputy chancellor followed the man out. Though the deputy chancellor seemed to have a lot of questions–about heretic inquisitors and demon worshippers and whatnot–the retainer didn’t ask about any of that.

‘I’ll have to explain this to him soon.’

In anticipation of tomorrow, Luisen took out the bundle of documents sent by the General. They were carefully packaged in oiled leather and contained things that Luisen had yet to learn.

Stuff like where the denizens of the duchy were held captive, how much money would be appropriate for hostage negotiations, and with whom Luisen should meet to smooth out the process. The details were written in large letters in consideration of Luisen’s ineptitude. He could see the General’s careful annotations everywhere. And, on the last page, there was a brief letter.

The letter expressed pride in Luisen’s achievements and, even though they couldn’t come running to his side, reminded him to not forget that the people of the duchy were always firmly standing behind him.

Luisen’s eyes welled up with tears and stung. They didn’t need to tell him that. The knowledge that the duchy’s retainers and vassals would support him with all their might emboldened him in his bid to threaten Sir Boros despite the Royal Knight’s intimidation. He believed that his household and his loyal followers would be his shield in any situation. Before regression, Luisen had only realized how precious this all was only after losing all of them.

Luisen wiped the tears that trickled out with his sleeves.

‘Damn you, Ruger you bastard.’

The letter had also stated that there was no information about Ruger left in the duchy.

With the revelation that Ruger was a spy, a large-scale investigation was conducted–even within the capital mansion. The deputy chancellor eagerly searched for who had planted Ruger, but all traces of the spy, from his resumé to his recommendation letters, and even small personal belongings, had all disappeared. It seemed as if this had all been prepared in advance, knowing that once Ruger left the capital mansion his identity as a spy would be exposed.

Luisen had explained the full story to the deputy chancellor last night: from the time he had left the capital mansion for the duchy… Ruger’s betrayal had been prepared since then, at the very least. At the same time, the young lord gained confidence in his theory that he had run away–his ill-fated midnight escape–that night before regression.

Ruger must have expected the people in the duchy to face a tragic end after the midnight escape. The man didn’t have a good relationship with the people there, but the young lord couldn’t believe that Ruger would kill the people he had lived with for years. Honestly–who was the mastermind behind Ruger’s actions anyway?

‘I can’t believe I left my people in misery due to a bastard like that.’

Luisen looked out the window and into the tranquil darkness. He no longer feared the dark but the room, where he sat alone, was as quiet as death. It was enough to evoke a long-suppressed pain. Luisen still vividly remembered that day…

Burning golden fields and weeping farmers. Crows circling the duchy’s castle; familiar faces greeting Luisen with terrifying expressions. Every day…every moment since then… he had vividly remembered those images. He became more comfortable with the mental images after meeting the one-armed pilgrim, but he couldn’t forget. He merely accepted it.

‘That won’t happen now–I did the right thing.’

Luisen curled up and buried his face in his narrow, trembling hands. He missed Carlton’s face so much; when he was in Carlton’s arms, while melting in the mercenary’s burning gaze, he realized how much had changed from the past. The past had no power–could not instill fear–in him anymore.

‘Carlton…’

Somehow, he had a hunch that a terrible nightmare would visit tonight.



***



Meanwhile, Carlton had safely entered the castle. Guided by a waiting maid, he entered his assigned room and waited to be called upon by the first prince.

“Since the prince has given me a room, it won’t be easy to leave the palace in a timely manner.” As he looked around, the mercenary noticed that the security within the palace had been strengthened. It would be quite challenging–even for someone like Carlton–to leave the palace without being detected.

‘Is there a need to be so cautious?’

All of the prince’s enemies had either died or surrendered in desperation. Since the king had lost consciousness, the royal palace should be the prince’s kingdom. However, there was an oddly uncomfortable atmosphere circling around inside the castle.

What had happened while he was gone?

At that moment, someone who could answer that question appeared. “I’ve brought you a change of clothes.”

The maid, carrying the clothes, looked very familiar.

“Ennis.” Carlton welcomed her with great pleasure. Ennis opened her blade-like eyes and glared at the mercenary. She quickly approached him and poured out all her grievances, “Didn’t I tell you not to greet me so informally? Also, didn’t I say you shouldn’t get involved with Duke Anies and to leave the South quickly? Are my warnings mere amusing jokes? Because of your hesitation, I don’t even know if my lover is alive!”

“Ah, my lieutenant. That guy is in the duchy right now–he’s fine. And, I really had no choice.” In hindsight, following Ennis’s warning would have been the right choice. However, if he had done that, Luisen would have been kidnapped by Ruger. Thinking back, he already had feelings for the young lord by the time he had received her message. So, when the first prince’s messenger arrived to convey the order for him to escort Luisen to the capital, Carlton had turned around and rushed to the young lord like a madman. Thanks to that, Luisen was saved, and they formed a special relationship. He had no regrets.

Carlton chuckled.

Ennis, though, was quick-witted. “What is this? Don’t tell me… Do you have something with Duke Anies?”

“As expected of Ennis. You’re perceptive.”

“Come on–close your heart. If you collected the tears of those who cried because of Duke Anies, you would have enough for a fountain.”

“I’m different from those people, you know?” Carlton snapped.

Sensing the jealousy within him, Ennis closed her mouth. ‘What happened? It’s not like it’s someone else, but Duke Anies?’

Luisen was the typical aristocrat that Carlton loathed. He was the kind of person who was born into a good family and lived well despite his relative incompetence and complacency. The hatred and inferiority complex that burned eternally towards such nobles was no longer visible within Carlton.

“Are you out of your mind? Did you hit your head?” she asked.

“I’m fine.”

“No–you’ve changed too much…” Ennis looked quite grave when she saw Carlton smile with subtle pride at the word, ‘change.’ “If you’re not insane, get a hold of yourself. The atmosphere in the royal palace isn’t ordinary. Your head will fly off your neck if you act foolishly.”





* * *





TL: First things first, it’s that letter is so sweet it tugged at my heart.

Second things second, Damn Luisen! How many hearts did you break?? I guess you really are a calamitous beauty.



Also, Next week I’ll be taking a break. I’ve mentioned the circumstances on the previous chapter’s note. Thank you guys for being so patient, and I’ll see you all in two weeks.





Chapter 112


Chapter 112





A lot had changed since Carlton had departed for the South. The nobles who had originally followed and took the lead in supporting the first prince were from northern aristocratic households. Their allegiance was influenced by the fact that the first prince’s mother hailed from a noble family in the North.

However one day, suddenly, the first prince began to keep Count Doubless close by his side. The first prince always broughtCount Doubless along wherever he went, and made important decisions with him. As a result, power in court naturally began to shift toward Count Doubless and the nobles who followed him, leading to a power struggle between this emerging force and the established authority of the northern nobles.

“They may not openly clash, but the atmosphere is quite hostile. You’re someone that both sides don’t favor, so you should take greater caution.”

Carlton only shrugged at Ennis’s warning. In the past, he would have felt a great crisis and struggled hard, but now he had others to believe in and trust. The church had promised to lend help until the demon worshippers were caught, and the Eastern Great Lord promised to be supportive. There was also his beloved Luisen.

Carlton said, “By the way, that’s surprising of the prince.”

He had heard that Count Doubless had gained power. However, it was hard to imagine that the upstart noble’s power would be threatening enough to challenge the northern noble families who had backed the first prince since the days when he had been the most miserable. The first prince wasn’t stupid enough to neglect his most loyal supporters for no reason. It meant that Count Doubless possessed something of great importance.

“Do you know how the prince suddenly became close with Count Doubless?”

“I don’t know.” After a bit, Ennis added that no one knew why. It just happened one day–suddenly.

“I find Count Doubless disturbing,” Ennis shivered lightly, as if she were terrified. “The first prince has become a different person ever since the two have become close. Strangers now come and go, in and out of the royal palace. Strange rumors are circulating.”

“Rumors?”

“The rumors themselves are… I suppose you can call them ghost stories. Stuff like, hearing a woman crying in the hallways or a sighting of a specter in the forest.” Ennis clasped her hands together uneasily. Ghosts or murder. She didn’t believe in such creepy stories normally, however she felt reluctant to just dismiss them. The atmosphere here was so unsettling; the fact that such rumors spread openly seemed to hint that something was happening.

Carlton agreed. The general atmosphere of the castle seemed worse than he had expected. ‘Count Doubless is indeed suspicious, not that that’s news, but…’

The question, then, was about the first prince’s intentions–why did the prince keep that man by his side? Optimistically, the first prince could know nothing–it was just a coincidence that he kept the count close by. On the other hand, to think pessimistically, the prince could have been a part of the demon worshippers’ faction.

‘Mm, with such power though, he couldn’t have been threatened as soon as the king collapsed.’

Early in the civil war, before Carlton and his mercenaries joined the prince’s side, there wasn’t much to the first prince. He was insignificant. Since the first prince’s power base had long been pushed back by the second prince, the civil war was considered a fight where the first prince had staked his life rather than a political opportunity.

He wouldn’t have been so miserable if he had the powers the demon worshippers seemed to possess. Moreover, during Carlton’s service under the crown prince, the mercenary had never encountered anything resembling the demon worshipers.

The first prince whom Carlton was familiar with was an ambitious man who hid a cold blade behind a gentle smile. But, the prince was sincere in his love for the kingdom. He had a dream of becoming an exceptional king–more exceptional than any other in history–and leading the kingdom.

‘I’ll need to investigate more.’

Fortunately, the opportunity to do so came quickly. Just as Ennis finished talking, the prince’s servant came to find Carlton. “The first prince is summoning you.”

‘Great. It’s time to leave Luisen and fulfill his duties now that he has entered the palace.’ Carlton followed his guide with determination. Ennis sincerely prayed for the mercenary’s safety.





***





The crown prince was in the audience chamber. As Carlton followed the messenger and arrived in front of the chamber, a man emerged from within. The attendants gathered in front of the door greeted the man with great respect.

“The crown prince gives permission for entry,” he said.

“Understood, Count Doubless.”

So, that was the count.

Though they may be on the ‘same side,’ this was the first time Carlton had met the nobleman. Carlton was in the vanguard on the battlefield, and Count Doubless was always in the rear. That was why Carlton failed to recognize him at first glance.

He looked at the count, trying to hide his wariness.

He was a nobleman with a perfect blend of black and white hair and exuded an elegant impression. He didn’t look particularly malicious, but he didn’t seem virtuous either. He had a rather ordinary first impression–neither good nor bad. To put it nicely, he was unassuming; on the other hand, one could say he was unremarkable. Carlton wasn’t sure how he felt now, but in the count’s younger days, the nobleman must have encountered many incidents that could hurt his self-confidence.

Count Doubless finished speaking to the servant and looked at Carlton; in turn, the mercenary also returned his opponent’s gaze forcefully. Despite the vague first impression, Count Doubless exuded a very experienced aura when faced directly.

For some reason, a chill ran down Carlton’s spine, and he felt a sense of tension. If this were the battlefield, he would have drawn his sword. However, this was the royal palace. It was better to conceal the fact that he was on guard against him.

After those mental calculations, Carlton bowed first. Now that their brief standoff ended, the attendants were relieved.

“Is that you? The one who brought the Duke to the capital?” Count Doubless asked.

“That is correct.”

“You must have had a hard time serving someone like Duke Anies.”

“No, no. It was a pleasant journey. The Duke is a good man.”

“I suppose he seemed that way to you.”

As they partook in this ordinary small-talk, Carlton was convinced–this man wanted to kill him.

‘It’s not that he particularly hates me, but he hates that I helped the Duke.’

Especially in that last response–a fleeting glimpse of hatred passed through the noble’s two pupils. It seemed to be directed at someone other than Carlton. What kind of disruptive plan was he scheming? Carlton was nervous, but Count Doubless acted against his expectations, “Then, please go in. The prince must be waiting for you.”

Count Doubless slightly turned his body to the side, allowing Carlton to enter the audience chamber. The fact that this person was making way for him made Carlton feel uneasy.

‘Should I run away now at the very least?’

The moment he thought that, Carlton’s mind meandered towards Luisen. The mercenary was the only person that could inform Luisen about the situation in the capital. He knew the weight of that responsibility; Carlton hadn’t come to the capital solely for his own sake but for Luisen’s as well.

By now, Luisen must be contending with those useless servants of his and being harassed by the Royal Knights. Carlton couldn’t bear the worry of whether Luisen was feeling scared or struggling to handle everything on his own. Ever since the mercenary turned his back on the young lord, he had been plagued by unease.

The desire to return to Luisen as soon as possible spurred Carlton forth. He opened the door to the audience room and went inside.

The chamber was rectangular. Blue carpets were laid out in a straight line; a flag embroidered with blue lions, the symbol of the royal family, was hung around the walls. Tapestries depicting the founding myth of the kingdom decorated the hall. It was a splendid space, showcasing the authority of the royal family, but the chamber itself was dimly lit as the lights were not on.

The prince was at the end of the blue carpet train. As Carlton approached closer, he could see the man’s figure clearly. The first prince stood beside the throne, quietly gazing at it. The sunset cast a reddish glow that seeped into the hall, creating distinct contrasting patterns, as if the space were painted with watercolors. The first prince’s body was also divided in two: light and shadow. Though it was one body, each half seemed like two different entities.

Carlton knelt before the throne, “I have fulfilled your orders and returned, my prince.”

“Ah, Carlton.” The first prince replied, half a beat slow. His words were measured and plodding. “Well done, coming all the way here. I heard you encountered some difficulties.”

“I have merely done what my prince has commanded of me.”

“Yes. Still, you didn’t need to go to that extent.”

“What?” Carlton raised his head instinctively. The two men’s eyes met as the prince was looking down at the mercenary. Carlton tried to read into the prince’s true feelings, but he couldn’t grasp the slightest idea of what the man was thinking. The prince’s eyes were cloudy, as if the man had no thoughts at all.

Carlton spoke again, “I couldn’t hear what you were saying properly. If you could repeat that again…”

Squeaak–

The sound of the door opening devoured the tail end of Carlton’s sentence. Count Doubless entered the audience chamber. Regardless, the crown prince continued speaking as he pleased, “Carlton, Count Doubless has done much for me. However, the Duke Anies couldn’t do the same. How much can you do for me?”

“…Why are you asking something like that…? I’m curious. It’s not like you to inquire about such matters.”

“I’ve been thinking a lot lately.” The first prince took half a step closer. “Duke Anies. Can you kill him?”

“!”

The prince looked down indifferently at Carlton’s flustered face. It was as if he didn’t even expect an answer. Behind Count Doubless, knights clad in red armor–similar to the armor Ruger wore–entered.

The intent of their presence was clear–Count Doubless would not bring these knights merely to boast.

‘Damn. He must have planned this from the very beginning.”

No wonder the count had willingly let him into the audience chamber. Calling Carlton to the palace was a trap.

Then, he heard the sound of horse hooves from somewhere.



Clip-Clop, Clip-Clop, Clip-Clop–



It was a fierce sound, as if a horse was galloping at full speed through the wilderness. However, the sound was quite close–as if the hooves were clopping right near his ear. Simultaneously, Carlton felt a strong wave of dizziness and reeled.

The Death Knight emerged from the shadows that were stretching long behind the prince’s back. Ruger’s eyes, mixed with contempt and hatred, overlapped from behind that pitch black helmet. The eyes that Carlton recalled from his memories resembled Count Doubless’s eyes.

Did Ruger mention that he was the bastard child of a demon worshiper? To be sure, Count Doubless and Ruger had similar enough gazes to say that they were father and son.





* * *





TL: As expected, Ruger was Doubless’ child. The haziness of the prince’s eyes is worrying though…was he drugged?

Also, I’m still not hiatus guys. I just didn’t want to leave you guys without an update for too long.





Chapter 113


Chapter 113





The Death Knight’s existence was ominous, in and of itself. Carlton’s instincts screamed at him to flee from such a filthily evil.

‘You were despicable when you were alive, and now you’ve become even more annoying in death.’

Carlton did not tear his eyes away from the Death Knight.

The first prince casually ordered the knight, “He’s just a distraction. Kill him.”

As soon as the words fell from the prince’s lips, the knight charged at Carlton on his horse with terrifying speed. The black spear carried by the knight flew at the mercenary. Carlton avoided it by rolling sideways, but completely dodging a lance–especially when thrown from a higher elevation–was difficult.

“Ugh.” The spear grazed Carlton’s left arm, leaving behind a large wound in its wake. Carlton pressed at the wound with his right hand; blood soaked through his fingers. He was lucky–if the mercenary was unfortunate, he may have lost the entire arm.

‘There’ll be no end if I continue like this.’ Carlton scanned his surroundings with sharp eyes; he was at an overwhelming disadvantage. The formal attire and polished shoes he wore hindered his movements and failed to protect him from the sharp attacks.

He didn’t even have a usable weapon. Since weapons were forbidden when meeting with the first prince, he had left his usual blade behind in his room. The dagger he brought just in case was confiscated during the body search just before he entered the audience chamber.

On the other hand, his opponents were all armed. The Death Knight was a given; Count Doubless’s other knights were equipped with swords and shields. The Death Knight launched direct attacks at Carlton while the count’s knights maintained their formation, enclosing Carlton in a circle. With their iron shields held high, they appeared like a steadily advancing wall, gradually closing in on him.

No matter how physically outstanding Carlton may be, there was a limit to his strength. His meticulously groomed hair and clothes had long been in disarray. Since it was impossible to avoid all the attacks, the wounds on his body gradually increased. Especially the deep wound on his left arm caused by the Death Knight; it bled profusely to the point of being dangerously alarming.

Still, Carlton grinned.

‘You think you can kill me with these paltry tricks?’

Carlton had spent most of his life in such mayhem. He had never given up–even when he thought he may truly die. The intense desire to survive had allowed Carlton to live through so many battles. This time as well, he saw a way to overcome his overwhelming disadvantage.

Count Doubless’s knights–they were loyal knights but ordinary men as well. They were naturally repulsed by the Death Knight and wanted to keep their distance from it. Even though they were on the same side, they were instinctively more aware of the Death Knight than of their enemy: Carlton.



Swoosh–



A long lance flew through the air towards Carlton. Carlton deliberately rolled towards the count’s knights as he avoided the attack; the Death Knight quickly followed afterwards, brandishing another spear.

Suddenly, as the Death Knight approached and swung his spear, the encircling formation of the count’s knights, which had been closing in at a steady pace, came to a halt. Some knights flinched and took a step back. They felt deeply uncomfortable and were frightened that the spear intended for Carlton might target them as well.

Because they were well trained, no one abandoned the ranks, but a gap had formed. Carlton did not miss that opportunity.

He collided with one of the knights’ shields. The fully armored knight was like a moving block of iron, and, with the weight of the added shield, the knight felt like an iron wall. Carlton’s action was reckless, almost self-destructive, as he threw himself against that iron wall.

However, Carlton’s attempt succeeded.



Bang–!



The knight who collided with Carlton, along with the knight standing next to him, were pushed back and fell. The mercenary had seized the moment the count’s knights hesitated due to the Death Knight’s attacks; Carlton’s eyes didn’t miss the knight who had retreated slightly. The knight, in a state of internal conflict between natural instinct and his superior’s command, had his judgment compromised; his body’s center of gravity shifted backward, making it easy to topple him without exerting much force. Of course, Carlton’s monstrous strength and resilience–his ability to not bruise even after slamming into a lump of iron–also played a large role.

The disadvantage of a knight’s head-to-toe armor was its weight–it was heavy. Once the man fell, he couldn’t stand up on his own without someone helping him up on both sides.

Carlton stepped on the struggling knight and ran. Without a moment’s hesitation, he jumped through the window.

The audience chamber’s windows were often left open to let out the smoke from heating. Thanks to that, Carlton only had to jump out.

The count’s knights rushed to the window. The chamber was three stories high. If someone fell, it could be a fatal accident if luck wasn’t on their side and, even if luck was, the person would likely end up with some broken bones. Even Carlton thought he would end up the same way.

However, Carlton landed on the ground and was able to run, body intact. He began to move away from the building at a fairly rapid pace.

“That’s impossible!”

“Is he really a human being?”

The count’s knights all exclaimed in astonishment and anger. They could only chase the mercenary with their eyes–none of them had the confidence that they would be as fine as Carlton if they jumped from that height. Only the Death Knight tried to jump down after Carlton.

“Enough.”

The Death Knight stopped on the spot at Count Doubless’s command. There were many eyes at the castle; he couldn’t let the Death Knight roam around freely when he hadn’t obtained full control over the palace.

Instead, Count Doubless ordered the living knights, “Find him. Even he won’t be able to escape from the castle if he tries to run away.”

“What should we do if we catch him?”

“It’ll be troublesome to let him live.”

“Understood!”

Count Doubless’s knights hurried out of the chamber to make up for their earlier failure.

Soon afterwards, only Count Doubless, the first prince, and the Death Knight remained. Count Doubless looked at the window from which Carlton had jumped for a moment before approaching the prince, “My prince.”

He knelt before the first prince, “I’m sorry, we let him through. But, don’t worry. He suffered an injury before escaping, so we’ll find him soon. We will further strengthen our forces at the exits so he cannot escape the palace.”

“Fine,” the first prince answered indifferently. Despite giving the order to kill his loyal servant–whom he had once proudly called his right arm–and despite the failure of that attempt, no emotion could be seen on his face. He stood still, as if he had nothing to do with what had just transpired in the audience chamber. Rather than being cold or objective, the prince looked blank as if he had lost all sense of reality.

Count Doubless continued, seemingly indifferent to the prince’s condition and assured of the prince’s favor, “Also, we’ll move slowly towards Duke Anies. We failed to kill Carlton here, but we succeeded in separating those two.”

“Duke Anies…” The first prince frowned as he thought of Luisen, “Do we need to go that far?”

Count Doubless’s face hardened at the prince’s reaction. Though the first prince looked a bit frustrated, he nonetheless had regained a bit of liveliness as opposed to his blankness before. “It’s too dangerous to kill a Great Lord. Everyone would doubt me if the duke dies when the royal knights are supposed to protect him. If we consider the future of our reign…”

“My prince.” Count Doubless interrupted, “Didn’t you promise? From now on, you’ll leave the South to me.”

“I did, but…”

“I’ll handle the other Great Lords as well. Please place your trust in me and wait, my prince.” Count Doubless took the first prince’s hand and kissed the back. As he did, a dark crimson mist emanated from the count’s grip. It crawled up the first prince’s arm like a living snake, seeping into the man’s eyes and ears.

“Ah…. Ah…” The first prince let out a short groan that could be either a wail or a scream. His eyes became hazy again, just as they were earlier, and his face returned to an expressionless state, devoid of any vitality. “…That’s right. I decided to trust you. Do as you please–whether you decide to kill him or spare him.”

“That’s very wise of you, my prince.” Count Doubless rose as he looked over the prince. At first glance, the prince’s gaze seemed ordinary but, in this state, the prince wouldn’t even bat an eye if Count Doubless were to spit in his face…That was done deliberately.

He had lowered the first prince’s guard, created a gap in his heart, and captured his soul. Like a brainwashed man, the first prince now only obeyed and reacted to the count. As the first prince’s mental resilience was so strong that he occasionally tried to break free from the brainwashing, Count Doubless had to adequately maintain the facade of serving the crown prince.

‘It has been a smooth ride.’

It was a risky adventure for the count–he had taken the magic he had learned from the demon worshippers and used it on the prince. If he made a misstep, he would be caught by the church. However, when Luisen Anies began to deviate from his expectations, he had no other choice.

Thus far, his efforts had proven quite satisfying. He had driven Duke Anies to this extent, and now he shall soon fulfill his decades-long grudge.

Count Doubless left the audience chamber. The Death Knight followed the count for a while before eventually disappearing.

The empty chamber now only held the remnants of the battle and the first prince. As the sun set, the first prince’s figure was completely engulfed in darkness. As if he had fallen into a deep swamp, there was no hope nor joy left in him.





* * *





TL: Something my PR said about this chap regarding a popular theory going around… gave me food for thought. I wonder if any of you guys will come to the same conclusion as she did.





Chapter 114


Chapter 114





Days had passed since the Royal Knights took control of Duke Anies’s capital residence. The situation hadn’t changed much from the beginning. The Royal Knights didn’t interfere with Luisen’s and the mansion residents’ daily lives, but they kept steady watch over the surroundings of the mansion and strictly restricted access from the outside.

In particular, Luisen was imprisoned within the mansion. When he announced he would be leaving, the Royal Knights used all their excuses to send him back into the mansion. Several attempts to sneak out of the mansion failed. While the Royal Knights turned a blind eye to the servants to some extent, they showed no leniency towards Luisen.

‘This can’t go on like this…’ Luisen paced inside his bedroom with an agitated expression. The lack of sleep he had experienced for the past few days left dark circles under his eyes.

‘It wasn’t enough to push them out of the mansion. I’ll need to clear them out completely…’

The Royal Knights’ pretext in taking control of the mansion was ‘protection.’ So, in order to get rid of them, Luisen needed to obtain the power to protect himself.

The best option would be to recover the duchy’s captured knights, who were held captive near the capital, and bring them to the mansion. However, to do so, prisoner negotiations were essential, but nothing could be done because of the Royal Knights’ interference.

The general’s documents contained instructions such as who he could negotiate with and how to pay the ransom, but Luisen was unable to implement anything.

‘Because I can’t leave the mansion!’

He tried to send an agent, but the Royal Knights wouldn’t even allow that. Anyone who could replace Luisen, such as the deputy chancellor or the few knights that were left, were prevented from leaving the mansion.

Luisen attempted multiple times to persuade Sir Boros, but the man drew a line, stating that he couldn’t offer more help than simply not monitoring the mansion.

Sir Boros and the Royal Knights complied with orders to a degree, balancing their efforts to to avoid Luisen’s resentment with avoiding the first prince’s rebukes.

They were quite experienced in the art of surviving through difficult situations, but that was truly frustrating for Luisen.

‘It’s not like I can jump over the mansion’s walls.’

Trying to jump over the wall to avoid the Royal Knights’ surveillance? That was impossible for Luisen’s physical capabilities. He tried to ask his own knights to do so, but they failed as they were caught by the Royal Knights.

‘If only Carlton was here…’

The mercenary would have somehow smuggled Luisen outside without anyone noticing.

Luisen sighed as he looked at Carlton’s clothes hanging in his bedroom. Every day–every hour–he missed Carlton anew.

‘Carlton…’

Since the mercenary left for the castle, Luisen hadn’t heard from him. There was no way for the young lord to find out how his lover was faring.

He hadn’t expected that Carlton would be able to return anytime soon–and he thought he would be okay with that fact–but, the young lord wasn’t fine with that at all. He depended more on Carlton than he had realized.

Even though he wasn’t particularly busy, Luisen’s complexion was getting worse day by day, partly because Carlton was absent.

‘Why oh why did Carlton become a subordinate of the first prince?’

If not for that, the mercenary would be beside him right now. The thought of the first prince having Carlton by his side while Luisen longed for him made his insides boil. Moreover, didn’t the prince betray Carlton’s loyalty before the regression?

‘Carlton is better off beside me. Rather, he should be beside me.’

Luisen was so inflamed with jealousy that he wanted to bite and tear at his handkerchief.

As Luisen angrily kicked the carpet, the deputy chancellor entered the room. Annoyance evident on his face, the young lord looked at the man, “What business do you have with me?”

“Someone who states he is Carlton’s lieutenant has sent news.”

Luisen’s eyes opened wide–the news he had been waiting for.

Sir Boros, along with the other Royal Knights, knew about everyone in the capital estate. The only person they were unaware of was Carlton’s subordinate because the man had secretly entered the estate after the Royal Knights had withdrawn to outside the manor walls.

As a result, Luisen entrusted a few tasks to Carlton’s subordinate and discreetly sent him out of the estate. To avoid the possibility of being caught while coming to and fro, the lieutenant had instead sent the news to the deputy chancellor.

“He said that he has conveyed my duke’s message to the Eastern Great Lord.”

During their journey to the capital, the two Great Lords had coordinated their story to some extent and made excuses for sending back former prisoners, who were held by the eastern nobles, back to the Anies duchy. Finding out how far that had progressed was the lieutenant’s first mission.

Amidst the lack of communication with nobles from other regions, the Eastern Great Lord was the only one Luisen could trust. If the Eastern Grand Duke fulfilled his promise and released the prisoners, allowing them to join the capital estate, the Anies household would be able to further escape the Royal Knights’ grasp.

However, the deputy chancellor’s countenance was incredibly dark.

“What’s wrong? Did the Eastern Great Lord go back on his word?” Luisen asked.

“No, the lord did release the prisoners as promised and they were ordered to transfer to the capital. It seems they did arrive, but…”

“What happened?” Luisen urged.

“The first prince has blocked their entry into the city. He stated that individuals with ambiguous identities cannot be allowed into the capital.”

“Ambiguous identities! These are people from the Anies Duchy–how could their identities be uncertain? What better certification is there?”

“It seems he is using that as an excuse. Most likely.”

Luisen groaned, “The first prince must be plotting against me. He’s doing everything to hinder me.”

Luisen even wondered if the prince had summoned him to the capital for this purpose. However, he still felt dubious, ‘No matter how great the first prince is, he’s still merely a prince… He must realize that acting so extreme can become a disadvantage for him later on.’

It was not feasible to continue keeping Duke Luisen, who was a Great Lord, imprisoned–regardless of any king’s desires. Luisen had the duty to prepare for the funeral and coronation. If the prince’s actions continued to obstruct that sacred duty, the other Great Lords would not remain silent. No king would want to ascend the throne while facing the opposition of the Great Lords.

Especially for someone like the first prince, who had taken the throne through a civil war and was in a precarious position.

“Does he have some hidden agenda?”

It was all a mystery. That’s why Luisen needed Carlton to return.

“Nevertheless, the Eastern Great Lord said he would try to find a solution. He mentioned a way to bring back the captives from other regions.”

“Why would that man help? He’s not someone who would lend a hand so readily.”

“Who knows. He mentioned something about God’s will…”

“Hmm…”

The Eastern Great lord must be more fanatically faithful than Luisen had thought–it was something the young lord hadn’t realized prior to regression.

“However, in my opinion, we cannot solely rely on the Eastern Great Lord. He’s a calculating nobleman, and he’ll surely ask my duke for a favor in the future.”

“I suppose so.”

“We should get rid of the Royal Knights, yes? We are unable to do anything because of them.”

Luisen agreed with the deputy chancellor, “I did think of a method, but…”

Since the young lord couldn’t sleep at night, he had much time to think about various things. Thanks to this, he thought of a way to clear away the Royal Knights.

However, Luisen would incur significant risk.

Luisen explained to the deputy chancellor what he had cooked up in the middle of the night. As expected, the deputy chancellor opposed the plan quite vehemently, “Isn’t that too dangerous? If something goes wrong, the Anies duchy’s prestige will be greatly undermined. The household’s honor could fall even more than what it is now.”

“That’s true.”

“It’d be best to put something like that on hold.”

“Alright.” Since Luisen himself hesitated to implement this plan, he quickly acquiesced to the deputy chancellor’s opposition.



***



However, that night, Luisen had no choice but to change his mind when a secret guest arrived.

It was well into early morning. Unable to sleep, Luisen remained awake; he sat at a table by the window, practicing reading using the light of a little candle and the moonlight.

But, at some point, the moonlight began to waver.

At first, he wondered if it was a cloud. However, when the distortion repeated several times, Luisen inadvertently looked out of the window.

‘Aaaarghhh!’

The young lord screamed inwardly. He was so startled, his voice wouldn’t come out. Standing at the end of the long terrace connected to his window was the Death Knight.

‘Wh-Why is that thing here?!’

Luisen bolted out of his chair and took a step back. Cold sweat running down his back, the nightmares of his past began to resurface.

‘No. Don’t think about it. Don’t think.’

Trying to push away all the negative thoughts that appeared when he saw the Death Knight, Luisen eagerly recalled Carlton and the one-armed pilgrim. Thanks to that, he calmed down enough to use the chair he had been sitting on as a weapon.

‘Let’s pull ourselves together. That thing… It’s just Ruger.’

The Death Knight was still a frightening creature, but Luisen felt better when he recontextualized that being as ‘something that had originally been Ruger.’

Tensing his entire body and keeping in mind the self-defense techniques Carlton had taught him, Luisen glared at the Death Knight. The young lord thought that the knight had come to kill him–after all, it followed the commands of the demon worshipers.

However, no matter how long he waited, the death knight did not attack Luisen. It merely stood there, staring at the young lord.

‘What’s this? What is it doing? I feel like I’m going crazy.’

The young lord felt even more nervous because he had no idea what was happening. However, it was even more frightening to ask the Death Knight why and for what purpose it had arrived. He felt that breaking the silence that hung between him and the knight of death would be unwise.

They observed each other for what felt like an eternity. Suddenly, a gust of wind blew; Luisen’s hair fluttered. As his hair strands fell onto his face, Luisen blinked for a moment.

‘Huh?’

The Death Knight had vanished in that brief moment. Luisen kept vigilance and stared at his surroundings for a little longer, just in case, but the spot where the Knight had stood remained empty. The breeze passed through the vacant space.

‘What the… That’s it?’

Luisen felt as if he had witnessed a haunting; he stepped out onto the terrace. The mansion–asleep and silent for the night–was tranquil, as if nothing had happened.

""



Similar incidents had occurred before, in the previous timeline. The Death Knight would always watch over Luisen from a slight distance, in the darkness. Upon reflection, the Knight had never approached too close. That distance played a heavy role in solidifying the young lord’s belief that the Death Knight was a mere hallucination.

‘Ruger, you bastard. Whether it’s back then or now, why are you just observing me?’

Luisen grumbled and turned around. However, his eyes caught sight of something noticeably different from before.





* * *





TL: I like how the default emotion after being surprised/horrified by the death knight is sheer annoyance. Like, I mean, same; Stop staring and being a creep. Either attack or don’t disturb his beauty sleep 😛





Chapter 115


Chapter 115



The royal knights did not intrude inside the mansion, but they thoroughly monitored its surroundings. They didn’t slack during the night; they had the Duke’s residence systematically surrounded. However today, for some reason, the royal knights were not properly vigilant and seemed to be gathered among themselves. They gave off a rather serious atmosphere.

‘What’s going on?’

Luisen quickly discovered the reason for the strangeness. Sir Boros was arguing with a man dressed as a royal servant, though Luisen couldn’t exactly hear what words were being exchanged. Sir Boros appeared fervent, tightly gripping a piece of paper and gesturing vehemently at it, while the royal messenger remained calm and resolute. Judging from their body language alone, it seemed that the royal messenger had given some kind of order and Boros was protesting it.

‘It’s not normal to see these knights this agitated.’

He leaned his ear closer to try and hear the details, but the situation quickly concluded with the royal servant’s departure. Without any further information, Luisen returned to the room empty-handed.



***



The next morning:

Luisen arrived at the garden, claiming he wanted to take a walk. As he pretended to enjoy the fresh air and nature, he snuck glances at the royal knights.

The young lord was bothered by the scene he had seen last night.

The royal servant secretly visited Sir Boros in the middle of the night and delivered some unknown orders. That in and of itself was suspicious, but Sir Boros had raised his voice and became angry. His reaction proved that the order wasn’t some trivial matter.

Luisen was sure that the delivered order had something to do with him. He wanted to observe the changes in the royal knights to obtain a clue as to what the royal order could be.

But, the royal knights acted no differently than usual. There was no sign of the hesitation and unease that had been present the previous night. They continued to surveil the mansion and control the comings and goings in the same strict and organized manner. When Luisen approached, they clasped their spears close to their bodies and observed the young lord.

‘How strange. Was it not a big deal? The atmosphere was so different, though.’

Moreover, the appearance of the Death Knight immediately preceding his witnessing the quarrel between Sir Boros and the messenger seemed too entwined to be coincidental. It was common for the Death Knight to observe Luisen in the past, but this was the first time it had happened after regression.

Luisen couldn’t throw away his doubts and approached Sir Boros.

“What are you doing here?” The knight asked.

“I was taking a walk.”

“Near the main gate of the mansion for at least an hour? This isn’t a hiking trail, is it?”

“Isn’t it my choice and my freedom to take a walk wherever I please in my own home? Did the prince decide upon my walking route as well?” Luisen intentionally came at the knight harder since he had been attacked first.

Sir Boros stepped back, looking as if he didn’t want to argue, “That’s not what I meant. Please forgive me if I have been rude.”

“Fine. I accept that apology.” Luisen observed Sir Boros while he pretended to be feigned magnanimity. The man looked incredibly tired. Since he’s here, shouldn’t the young lord poke at him a little?

Luisen said, “It seems there was a guest on the estate yesterday.” 1

“A guest? I declined all those who visited the mansion.”

“I suppose he wasn’t a normal guest, though, was he? I was worried that rumors might spread about me for disputing with someone from the royal family,” Luisen explained.

“It wasn’t anything important,” Boros reassured.

“It seemed like more than that. I overheard something.”

“…The order was received in writing. Furthermore, there was no one in range who could hear our conversation.”

“I guess it’s true that the prince has given you a new order. And it’s proving quite troublesome for you.”

Sir Boros looked as if he might say ‘Oops.’ He had just given away those details, and his expression belied the fact that the order was not ordinary.

“…I didn’t know my Duke was skilled in manipulation. I see I’ve underestimated you,” Sir Boros said.

Luisen was cheering himself on inside–he had no idea he would succeed either.

Sir Boros just smiled bitterly at Luisen’s seemingly tranquil surface appearance, “An order has arrived, yes. However, I cannot divulge the contents within.”

Sir Boros shut his mouth for a moment. As someone who had survived for a long while as part of the royal knights, he had learned that it was advantageous for one’s survival to remain impartial and to extend favors to as many people as possible, without taking sides.

‘Although Count Doubless’s momentum is quite incredible, but… Anies isn’t the ignorant fool he used to be. I don’t know what happened, but he’s become quite clever. Then… Duke Anies as well…’ Boros didn’t want to reject the order of the future king nor did he want to incur the grudge of the Southern Great Lord. He thought, ‘Wouldn’t it be better to earn Luisen’s favor by following the prince’s orders but showing a degree of unwillingness to do so?’

Sir Boros finished his quick calculations and pointed to the sky.

“What’s wrong with the sky?” Luisen asked

“The moon won’t rise today. It’s going to be a very quiet, tranquil night. You won’t even hear the clanking of the knights’ armor.”

‘Weren’t we talking about something serious?’ Luisen frowned and opened his mouth to complain, but he suddenly noticed that Sir Boros’s expression was as serious as it could be. Perhaps that wasn’t a random remark but carried some hidden meaning.

‘I can’t hear the knights’ armor? Tonight?’

That sounded like the royal knights would all be away, secretly, tonight.

‘Why would the prince give such an order?’

If the royal knights were to disappear, Luisen and his mansion would be left defenseless. The remaining military power was disarmed by the royal knights. What if someone were to attack during that time?

‘…Are they aiming for that?’

Goosebumps rose up his spine. Was his hypothesis correct? Luisen looked at Sir Boros with the utmost seriousness in his expression. The knight did not deny anything–that was as good as an affirmation.

‘The prince? to me? Why?’

Of course, from the perspective of the first prince, the man would have his reasons to hold a grudge against the young lord. But, if he intended to kill Luisen, he wouldn’t have dragged Luisen to the capital. He would have simply ordered the young lord’s execution when Carlton attacked the duchy.

‘Does he not intend to kill me? Perhaps he’s trying to intimidate me, or…? Kidnap me…?’

Luisen suddenly recalled that the first prince had recently begun to keep Count Doubless close by his side. Count Doubless was suspected to be a demon worshiper. Was the prince being influenced? Or, was the first prince also a demon worshiper?

‘Huh? Then, what happened to Carlton in the castle?’

There was no news from or about Carlton, who had entered the castle. The lack of news was now a bad omen.

‘It’s alright. He’s Carlton. I’m sure he’ll be okay.’

Carlton was the strongest and most intelligent person Luisen had met. He stood out–even compared to the one-armed pilgrim. So, the young lord tried to suppress his anxiety and reassure himself.

In order to overcome the imminent danger right in front of him and protect himself, Luisen must do whatever he could. Moreover, dozens of people in this mansion depended solely on Luisen. He had a responsibility to protect those people.

‘I should use ‘that’ method.’

It was time to activate his contingency plan. The deputy chancellor had opposed it, and even Luisen wanted to postpone the plan as much as possible because he was concerned about the aftermath. However, there was no other way.

If Sir Boros’s warning was true, Luisen’s life was at stake tonight. Perhaps, the others in the mansion would be in trouble as well.

There was no time for further consideration; Luisen hurried into the mansion.



***



Time passed by and, before he knew it, night had fallen. A dark, moonless night.

A group of men dressed suspiciously, quietly approached Duke Anies’s residence. They had covered their faces and bodies and looked like assassins, but they were originally Count Doubless’s knights. A sense of solemnity flowed throughout the group, for they had been ordered to kill Duke Anies and the rest of those in the mansion. It was a rather big deal to assassinate a Great Lord in the middle of the capital.

Unlike the tense knights, a man in a dark red robe jauntily walked along, as if he were going on a picnic. That man was the ninth worshiper, who had narrowly escaped death due to the birth of the Death Knight.

“I’m going to kill the duke. Understand?” The ninth worshiper continued to murmur the same words over and over again. He held an enormous grudge against Luisen and Carlton after suffering a disastrous defeat at their hands. He had volunteered when the count ordered Luisen’s death because he hoped to repay the disgrace he had suffered previously.

‘The Church is watching us, so I was warned to keep a low profile… But Count Doubless acts freely in the capital. I’m supposed to give up my revenge, though?’

It was simply too wasteful to give up an opportunity for revenge just because they were wary of the Church. He just shouldn’t use his abilities. It would end cleanly if he didn’t. He was confident in being able to harm and kill Luisen without having to use his abilities if Carlton was not at the young lord’s side. That was why the man had left behind the Death Knight he had so painstakingly created and joined the knights on their venture.

Thanks to their previous arrangements, the ninth worshiper and the count’s knights were able to shamelessly enter the mansion without any interference.

The sleepy mansion was tranquil–there wasn’t even a single soldier on patrol inside the mansion. The ninth worshiper and the knights were able to enter Luisen’s bedroom without encountering a single interruption or soul. How defenseless–the duke’s room wasn’t even locked.

There was no one in the room besides Luisen, who was lying in bed. The young lord seemed to have fallen deep asleep as he hardly stirred.

‘It’s finally time to pay back my previous disgrace.’ The ninth worshiper kept the count’s knights from approaching with him; he jauntily skipped up to Luisen. The thought of killing a man from such a high and precious rank–someone whom ordinary folk can’t even dare look upon–was exhilarating.

At the same time, he was overwhelmed with the unbearable desire to find Carlton and inform him of Luisen’s death. The thrill of imagining Carlton’s arrogant face distorted by pain…



Fwoop– Fwoop–



The ninth worshiper, filled with excitement, plunged downwards with the sword as if he were in a trance. Then, he suddenly noticed something was wrong.

""



‘…This isn’t how it should feel?’





* * *





TL: The PR and I have noticed a bit of gap-moe with Luisen. He acts so haughty to others, but he’s such a goof inside.





Footnotes




The raw originally said ‘Duchy.’ I’m assuming that was a typo.





Chapter 116


Chapter 116





The ninth worshiper pulled back the blanket. The blanket fluttered; the wind caused duck feathers to fly out. What he had thought was Luisen was instead a pile of pillows.

In the midst of the worshiper’s confusion, one of the count’s knights had discovered candle wax drippings by the bedside. “The duke was in this room until just a while ago. He should still be in the mansion, so scatter and find him!”

The count’s knights scattered throughout the mansion in search of the young lord. The ninth worshiper remained in the room, though. Filled with anger at being deceived, he kicked the pile of pillows. Feathers swirled around him like snowfall in winter.

‘Luisen Anies, I won’t let this pass. How dare you try to fool me like this?’

He had no idea how the young lord knew about the attack in advance and ran away, but the route to escape would be long and arduous. The capital was completely under the prince’s control. In turn, the first prince was a pawn manipulated by the hands of Count Doubless, so, even if Luisen managed to survive this night, his life would only be temporarily extended.

‘If nothing else works, we can always call out the Death Knight.’

Should he just call the monster out now? Caught between his leader’s commands and his singular desire for revenge, he agonized over the decision until an ominous premonition brushed past him. The ninth worshiper wasn’t the type of person to ignore this sort of premonition; he approached the window. It was dark outside, but that made the torches surrounding the mansion even more visible.

‘Who are they?’

People clad in armor emblazoned with the pattern of the cross, a torch in one hand and a sword in the other: the Paladins of the Church.

‘Hnnrk!’ Sharply inhaling, the ninth worshiper clung to the wall.

‘What? Why are the Paladins here?’

They had the mansion surrounded. They formed a double ring, one along the perimeter of the mansion’s walls and another around the main building itself.

These men were so strict and meticulous, that not even a single ant could escape their grasp.

‘Th-They’re…not coming to capture me, right…?’

Some of the Paladins rushed into the mansion; sounds of fighting and conflict echoed around. The ninth worshiper cautiously left the room, stood in the shadow of the stairs, and watched as they beat the count’s knights.

The ninth worshiper had thought the Church had come to help Luisen, but, after a little while, the Paladins had somehow found Luisen from his hiding place and rudely dragged the young lord away. They grabbed him by both arms, treating him as if he were a sinner.

“What is going on! Do you know who I am?! Let me go. I said, let me go!!” Luisen’s face turned red as he screamed, but the Paladins didn’t seem to care. People from the mansion rushed out in their nightclothes, shouting in confusion. No one from the mansion, not even Luisen himself, seemed to have anticipated the arrival of the holy Paladins. This unexpected turn of events left the ninth worshiper bewildered.

The Paladins knelt Luisen down before a priest. Luisen’s deputy chancellor came out as if to protect his lord. “What in the world are you doing?! This man is the Great Lord of the South, Duke Anies! How could the Church involve itself in secular matters and commit such great disrespect?!”

“Duke Anies has violated a religious law!” The priest roared. “Luisen Anies. There have been accusations that you have defiled the name of the Church and our God by impersonating a pilgrim!”

“How unbelievable! When did I ever do that?!”

“Here is the evidence!” The priest presented the clothes Luisen had worn and the pilgrim’s identification token. Luisen’s hair was even on the clothes.

“No–That’s–Why is that there?!” Luisen became pale as he stammered.

“Are you admitting to this crime? Put handcuffs on the hands of this sinner! He will be taken to the Church, investigated, and will face a religious trial!”

Following the priest’s declaration, the Paladins handcuffed the young lord’s wrists. The deputy chancellor who had tried to protect Luisen could no longer intervene.

The Church was extremely strict regarding the impersonation of priests or pilgrims. The pilgrim’s token was a certified identification document issued by the Church, so anyone impersonating a pilgrim and engaging in immoral acts would reflect poorly on the Church itself. Moreover, if it was discovered that the token belonged to a deceased pilgrim, it would raise the suspicion that the impersonator had killed the pilgrim in order to steal their pass.

The level of punishment varied from case to case but, in the worst scenario, the culprit may be excommunicated. Being dismissed meant that they were no longer considered a child of God, which meant social death. The duke could be stripped of his title and left to wander around for the rest of his life.

“T-Then, what will happen to us?” The deputy chancellor asked the priest.

“This mansion, and all the people in it, will be investigated. If you are innocent, you have nothing to fear. Take the duke away!”

The Paladins dragged Luisen along with them. Since Luisen had already confessed his crime, he followed obediently. Step after step.

The ninth worshiper was flustered. He couldn’t quite understand how the situation had unfolded. He pondered intensely, ‘Do I chase after him and kill him? No, but there are too many Paladins around. If I misstep, I’ll be caught. I can’t do it alone. Moreover, I’ve already been scolded by the sect leader about self-preservation…’

Even if he called the Death Knight out, there was no guarantee of victory if a fight broke out. The more he thought about it, the more he realized there was nothing he could do, currently.

‘Damn it. I can’t believe the Church made their move today of all days…’

In fact, the story that Luisen had traveled to the capital by pretending to be a pilgrim was already so famous that everyone knew about it. The Church must have already known as well. But, no one stepped up to punish Luisen.

After all, no one truly believed in those rumors!

What kind of man was Luisen Anies? He was the one who had beaten out all other scoundrels who had gathered from all around the country and won the title of the worst scoundrel. The capital residents saw and experienced first-hand his turbulent life story. In particular, the priests remembered Luisen’s pathetic, constantly drunk appearance at every national event or holiday–the man couldn’t properly memorize a single prayer line.

How could a pathetic troublemaker like that pretend to be a pilgrim?

Moreover, the so-called pilgrim that Luisen was said to have been was famous for his numerous acts of kindness. Many folks remained skeptical of those rumors because of that. While Luisen’s reputation had undergone a significant change in the duchy, the young lord still remained horribly infamous in the capital.

Luisen Anies was that pilgrim?

That trash?

He went around committing good deeds?

Good deeds?

What good deeds? He probably would have violently assaulted people!

People were convinced that Luisen couldn’t possibly have performed acts of charity and kindness, and they dismissed the rumors of him pretending to be a pilgrim as lies. But, all of a sudden, accusations and evidence surfaced. With clear evidence in hand, the Church took action.

‘Lucky bastard. Let’s see how long his luck holds.’ The ninth worshiper watched as Luisen moved further away. Though, at a surface glance, the young lord’s face was filled with grief, it also seemed as if there was a small smirk on his face.

‘I must be seeing things. There’s no way the duke intended for this situation to happen…’

The ninth worshiper didn’t want to admit that he had been fooled once again by Luisen and deliberately turned his head away.

However, the ninth worshiper was not mistaken. Luisen was indeed smiling. ‘Ahahah! It’s a success!’

He was so excited that he had to lower his head because he was unable to maintain a poker face. Even as he was being dragged away by the Paladins, with shackles on his wrists and his arms, he could barely contain his laughter.

‘The Paladins came at the right time.’

Anyone could see that a suspicious group had come to assassinate the young lord just as the Paladins arrived at the scene. As the Paladins questioned them, clues regarding who had ordered his assassination would emerge.

Tonight’s sudden happening was all part of Luisen’s scheme.

Initially, he had devised a plan to make the Royal Knights retreat. The pretext that first prince had used to control the Royal Knights was “protection.” If that pretext were to disappear, the first prince would have no choice but to withdraw his knights. Luisen had attempted to shatter that excuse by arranging for the imprisoned knights and soldiers of the duchy to be moved to the mansion, but those forces failed to enter the capital.

The other nobles turned their backs towards Luisen because they were wary of the first prince. Although the Eastern Great Lord remained friendly to Luisen, they were careful as two Great Lords joining hands might be perceived as an act of hostility towards the royal family.

‘Moreover, if I receive help from the Eastern Great Lord, he may take that as grounds for me to marry his granddaughter.’

Luisen thought about Carlton–his relationship with the mercenary had not been clearly defined yet. He couldn’t think about marriage now–what utter nonsense.

After considering various plans and possibilities, the Church came to mind. The Church was an independent entity and could move autonomously from the royal family; additionally, it had as much influence as the royal family. It was a natural course of thought to consider the Church as a means to eliminate the Royal Knights.

Luisen snuck Carlton’s lieutenant out of the mansion and asked for protection from the Church. Of course, that request was rejected in a heartbeat. They stated the Church’s long-held policy of not getting involved in politics.

‘They may be saying that, but it’s clear the first prince’s influence is involved here.’

Luisen held a powerful ace up his sleeves: the heretical cult. But, it wasn’t so easy to use that card. Without any clear evidence, accusing the first prince and Count Doubless of being heretics could backfire.

So, after a while, the young lord came up with the plan to accuse himself. If a clear accusation with evidence were to be made, the Church would send priests and knights to investigate him and the mansion. While he was under Church jurisdiction for violating religious law, he might be able to eliminate the Royal Knights without appearing openly defiant against the first prince!

The method was sure to work, but the risks involved were great. He had given up the plan after opposition from the deputy chancellor, but, after hearing Sir Boros’s warning, he had no choice.

This time, Luisen instructed Carlton’s lieutenant to go to the Church and accuse the young lord. The lieutenant went above and beyond: he burst into the midst of a worship service and publicly accused Luisen for all to hear.

At that point, the Church couldn’t pretend to be ignorant even if it wanted to.

All according to Luisen’s plan, the Paladins surrounded the mansion and captured Luisen as a sinner. While investigations were conducted, the knights would guard the mansion, ensuring the safety of its inhabitants.

Luisen would also receive the Church’s protection. Although he would be confined to prison as a sinner and undergo a trial, it was a hundred times better than dying.

‘I’ve even thought of a way to escape.’

It was no time for laughing. ‘Alright.’ Luisen raised his head and looked at the deputy chancellor. In turn, the deputy chancellor nodded meaningfully. They had already coordinated their plans. Now he could trust that the deputy chancellor would handle the rest effectively.

After that brief exchange, Luisen looked forward once more. However, far in the distance, the Death Knight was standing in the darkness. That thing merely stood still before disappearing.

‘What is that bastard thinking?’

Ultimately, the Death Knight had indirectly helped Luisen. But why? Whether alive or dead, Ruger was unpredictable.





* * *





TL: Redemption arc for Death Knight Ruger?





Chapter 117


Chapter 117



[Luisen Anies has been imprisoned for impersonating a pilgrim!]

[The pilgrim from the rumors was the worst scoundrel in the Capital?]



The next morning, Luisen’s name dominated the front pages of all the newspapers. The people of the capital, no matter who they were with, talked about Luisen all day.

“So Duke Anies was arrested after all, right? I thought he would go to jail at least once.

“The duchy isn’t as strong as it used to be. The duke’s in handcuffs and all.”

Some ridiculed how the duchy’s power had fallen and Luisen’s downfall. However, those people were a minority. In fact, most folks were just surprised.

“To think the pilgrim from the rumors was actually Duke Anies!”

“Then, Duke Anies defeated the thief, solved the plague, and saved some village from a monster? I didn’t think he was like that, but he’s a good person, I suppose.”

“I know–I can’t believe it. Duke Anies? Why… wasn’t he famous for being stupid and being unable to memorize a single prayer…? I guess that wasn’t true.”

Like that, the capital was surprised to learn that the capital’s trash was actually the respected pilgrim.

Meanwhile, slowly but surely, Luisen’s achievements in the duchy began to receive attention once again. Surrendering to Carlton and preventing significant casualties in the duchy during the civil war, discovering new crops, anticipating the locust swarm, and more. While rumors had spread throughout the kingdom through the mouths of traders and mercenaries traveling to the southern regions, nobody had taken them seriously.

People dismissed these rumors as desperate propaganda from the duchy, trying to regain the lost honor of Luisen who had, at that point, reached rock bottom. However, if it was true that Luisen had acted as the pilgrim, the prevailing opinion was that the good deeds done in the duchy must also be true.

Of course, there were suspicions that the pilgrim’s good deeds were fabricated. However, thanks to the testimonies of those that Luisen had saved–such as the folks who survived the boat plague or those who survived Viscount Boton’s manor–those doubts were alleviated.

Amidst such heated interest and speculation, Luisen spent three days trapped in the church.

The young lord lay on a straw cot in the corner of his cell, exhausted after several rounds of interrogation.

‘I’m sure the deputy chancellor is doing alright, right?’

Of course he’s doing well. He’s a trusty retainer.

Luisen expected to be held for a long while; the church was incredibly prudent and slow. The investigation alone could take over a month. Anticipating complications with his escape, Luisen had given deputy chancellor instructions on what needed to be done before the trial.

Of course, he didn’t intend to be docilely imprisoned for more than a month. He couldn’t waste precious time sitting in jail. The crime of impersonating a pilgrim was heavy, but he had also thought of a way to pass this trial easily. If there wasn’t the danger of being imprisoned and punished, he wouldn’t have gone with this plan.

‘Will I be able to leave tomorrow?’ Luisen thought absentmindedly when, suddenly, he heard someone walking his way.

“Is that food? Am I going to get anything decent today?” Luisen muttered without raising his head; the young lord thought his visitor was a guard.

However, he received an unexpected response.

“In this situation, can my Duke really think about… food?”

This voice? Luisen leapt to his feet. “Morrison!”

There stood Morrison behind the bars, wearing a complicated expression.

The young lord shouted, “You finally came! Do you know how long I’ve been waiting? By the way, you came sooner than I expected. You must have been nearby?”

“When I received your message, I was already near the capital. Carlton had already contacted me first, so I was on my way.” Morrison’s words were unexpected.

Carlton called for Morrison? Luisen had had an ominous premonition. “What? Why did Carlton do that? What’s happening?”

“Come on out for now.” Morrison opened the prison door with a key.

“Can I leave?” Luisen asked.

“Yes. I have permission from the Bishop. The Duke’s impersonation…will receive a trial, but that’ll pass by without a hitch.”

Morrison looked incredibly tired. Luisen didn’t understand much, but it seemed like the inquisitor spent much effort to get Luisen off the hook.

The young lord quickly emerged from his cell, “So, what’s this about Carlton?”

“I haven’t received direct contact from Carlton either. I’ve merely received a message. If you go to the mansion, that person will explain everything.”

“Who is ‘that person?'”

“Ennis. The first prince’s maid.”

“She’s in the mansion right now? Alone? What about Carlton?”

“Let’s go quickly.”

Luisen became even more bewildered when Morrison changed the subject so blatantly. He hurried to the mansion.





***



Returning after leaving the mansion for three days, the situation had changed remarkably.

After Luisen was taken away, the Paladins took control of the mansion. Therefore, the Royal Knights were forced to step down. The Paladins, though strict, recognized that the people of the mansion were innocent and allowed them more freedoms than they had under the royal control. Thanks to that, the deputy chancellor took advantage of the confusion in the capital and worked fervidly to handle matters.

As a result, the people of the duchy that had not been allowed to pass through the city gates returned to the mansion. The other prisoner negotiations went smoothly thanks to the return of the Western and Northern Great Lords. Just as Luisen predicted, the previous blockages were solved easily, and as his great deeds were recognized, his image as a trashy scoundrel had quickly become blurred.

Therefore, when Luisen returned to the capital mansion, the mansion was in a festive mood. The young lord’s heart ached to see the people welcoming him. He almost cried, but the deputy chancellor cried first. Flustered, Luisen managed to compose himself.

After dealing with the welcoming committee, Luisen refused the deputy chancellor’s suggestion to rest and instead immediately visited Ennis. She was in the sitting room, waiting for Luisen. Carlton’s lieutenant was also with her.

Harried and without any peace of mind to remember his greetings or manners, Luisen asked, “What happened?”

The news dropping from her mouth was something the young lord had never expected, “Carlton has gone missing from the castle.”

Luisen was stunned. He thought something must have happened when Carlton called for Morrison, but he disappeared? “Tell me in detail. What do you mean?”

“Aigoo. Please, your grace, have a seat first.” Carlton’s lieutenant stepped in and forced Luisen to sit on the sofa. Ennis continued calmly.

On the day Carlton arrived at the castle, he went to the audience chamber to meet with the first prince after talking to Ennis. But, that day, the castle was told that Carlton had tried but failed to kill the prince and had run away.

Ennis was startled and tried to confirm the truth of the events. “I found out that there was indeed a fight in the chamber. Some folks had even seen Carlton running away, bleeding.”

“He shed blood…” Luisen felt dizzy and grabbed his head. He knew very well how amazing and strong Carlton was–the situation couldn’t have been ordinarily dangerous…Especially if someone who could face life-threatening disasters and emerge without a scratch had to run away.

“Fortunately, or unfortunately, no one has seen Carlton since that day.”

The Royal Knights searched every inch of the castle’s interior, and the servants patrolled day and night. However, they couldn’t even find his shadow. Ennis waited for the mercenary to come find her, but he didn’t appear. “If he had died, his body would have been found. So, that means he’s still alive. But, I couldn’t just wait around.”

Carlton alone couldn’t slip away from the palace and capital, so it was only a matter of time before he was caught.

Ennis wondered if there was anything she could do to help Carlton and recalled what Carlton had said before he left to see the first prince: how to contact Morrison. Carlton said if something happened to him, Luisen would need someone to protect him.

She snuck out of the castle. This escape was only made possible because she had been a maid of the first prince and had worked in the palace for so long. After contacting Morrison, she came to the mansion to find Luisen. However, she had to turn around without stepping inside because of the royal knights. For several days, she hid, waiting until the knights were driven away by the Paladins, and only this morning, after reuniting with Morrison, was she finally able to enter the mansion.

“I thought Carlton may have escaped from the castle… But, seeing as he isn’t here, he may still be in the castle.” Ennis finished, somewhat somberly.

For a long time, Luisen couldn’t open his mouth as well. ‘So, that all happened the day Carlton entered the castle? How long has it been since then?’

""



Come to think of it, the royal knight’s subjugation of the capital mansion must also be a ploy by the demon worshippers. Carlton had no choice but to head to the castle on his own, separating them. Once he entered the royal castle alone, he had no backup to protect him and was an easy target to kill. Luisen, also left alone, was an easily-killable opponent as well, as the young lord had no power to defend himself.

Unaware of all that, he had wasted away time peacefully. As memories of just a while ago–peacefully sitting in prison–came back to him, he was overwhelmed by self-reproach.

If only he had foresight. But, there was nothing he could have done. Still, it came at a great shock to learn that he remained ignorant while Carlton was plunged into danger.

‘With no one to help, alone… I had no idea, and I…’

Actually, Luisen didn’t want Carlton to leave his side to go to the first prince. Still, the young lord said it was okay, that this was all necessary, and sent his lover off. In hindsight, that may have not been for the best, but regret always came late.

Luisen wiped his face with trembling hands. Still, he couldn’t calm himself and fidgeted like a child.

“My duke.” Ennis gripped Luisen’s hand. “Carlton will be alright. He’s a man who would survive hell. However, it’s true that he needs help from time to time, so my duke must remain alert.”

She made eye contact with Luisen and spoke emphatically. Word by word, enunciated clearly.

“Yes. You’re right.” Luisen nodded. At times like this, he needed to hold his head high and keep his senses about him. Carlton threw himself into danger over and over to save Luisen; now, it was Luisen’s turn to save Carlton.





* * *





TL: Can I just say how much I love the idea of Luisen saving Carlton as much as Carlton saves Luisen? Also that Carlton called Morrison bc his lover needs a protector? And that Morrison probably worked his bum off to keep Luisen out of jail T_T





Chapter 118


Chapter 118



The plan to save Carlton was simple:



‘We’ll go inside the royal palace. We’ll find Carlton. Then, we’ll sneak him out!’

At first glance, the plan sounded easy, but there were many obstacles. First, he wasn’t able to enter the royal palace; no one was allowed to enter without the explicit permission of the first prince. It wasn’t just Luisen, the other Great Lords and nobles who had asked to visit under various pretexts were also refused. Originally, the castle was a place where people could freely come and go without specific summons, so there was a strong backlash against this new policy. However, the first prince didn’t even pretend to listen to these complaints. For some unknown reason, the first prince was behaving in a rather closed-off manner.

The second obstacle was finding Carlton. Even after the Royal Knights combed through the place for days and days, they found no traces of the mercenary. Finding him would be a challenge if the mercenary was determined to remain hidden.

And finally, the most difficult part of this plan was to escape the royal castle safely. According to Ennis, it was more difficult to exit than to enter the castle. Even if they managed to find Carlton, it would not be easy to hide the man and bring him out…not when the security even rifled through the trash leaving the palace.

In addition, once they enter the fortress, Luisen might encounter crises like demon worshiper attacks.

However, Luisen was determined to save Carlton, so he had no choice but to solve these dilemmas one by one.

The first problem: to enter the castle, Luisen released a man into the capital and used him to secretly spread rumors.

‘Is the king truly alive? Is the first prince hiding that the king has already died?’

These rumors, as is usually the case, started with seeds of doubt and ended with even more doubts. There was no need for proof. It hadn’t been long since the king had collapsed, and the Great Lords had already gathered in the capital. The prince’s suspiciously closed-off behavior reinforced the rumor.

Of course, the story was quite controversial; it didn’t spread quickly because people were worried they could be found in contempt of the royal family for slander. However, the rumors had spread enough to reach the Great Lords’ ears. They reacted quickly to this trifling news because they were sensitive to palace affairs.

The Great Lords first tried to ascertain the truth behind these rumors. However, no matter how many people they sent, the royal family remained silent. They were also out of touch with their informants placed inside the palace so, even if they wanted to figure out the internal situation discreetly, they couldn’t.

Just when Luisen felt frustrated and hopeless, the Eastern Great Lord called for a meeting between the other Great Lords.



***



At the reception room in the Eastern Great Lord’s capital residence:

The rulers representing the four regions–east, west, north, and south–of the kingdom had gathered together. The last to arrive was Luisen.

Luisen was the youngest amongst them. So, even if they held the same position, the young lord still showed respect. If the Eastern Great Lord was old enough to be his grandfather, then the Western and Northern Great Lord could be his uncles.

“Ah, Duke Anies. I heard you went through a religious trial this time? If you’re going to make trouble, do it moderately. How sad would your deceased father in heaven feel when he sees you?”

“Your father was an impeccable and perfect man. Your mother was a great lady as well. If you had inherited even half of your parents’ qualities, things wouldn’t be in such a mess now.”

The Western and Northern Great Lord took jabs at Luisen as they exchanged pleasantries. It was like this every time they met, so Luisen didn’t like the other Great Lords very much. In the past, he would have kicked the chair and left the room without enduring their verbal jabs, but this time, the young lord remained patient.

Usually, the Eastern Great Lord would cut in and land the last blow, but he didn’t this time. So, the atmosphere fizzled out before they immediately got to the point.

“You all heard the rumors right? What do you think of them?” Luisen asked.

“Well, wouldn’t it just be some tall tales from the streets? I didn’t think you had the leisure to think about such things, Duke Anies.”

“Now, though, you must have answered my call because you all are concerned.” The Eastern Great Lord inwardly sided with Luisen.

“That’s right. Perhaps it’s a groundless rumor, but it would be a little strange to just ignore it,” The Northern Great Lord spoke with a discomfited expression. As a supporter of the first prince, he was uncomfortable with the way the prince mistreated the noble families from the North who had been wholeheartedly backing him.

Luisen glanced at the gathered Great Lords: the Northern Great Lord, who openly expressed his complaints, the Western Greatlord, whose grim expression did not match his carefree words, and the Eastern Great Lord, who originally did not like the royal family. Apparently, everyone harbored anxiety about the current situation.

Luisen decided to push his luck a little. “His Highness’s safety is very important to us.”

“Of course.”

“Who doesn’t know that?”

“But the problem is that we can’t even ascertain the truth behind these rumors. Everyone came to the capital upon hearing the news of His Majesty’s critical condition, but does anyone here truly have reliable information about His Majesty? It’s frustrating for all of us; that’s why we gathered here,” Luisen pointed out.

The Western Great Lord kept his mouth shut at Luisen’s criticism. He had responded to the Eastern Great Lord’s summons, just as Luisen had said.

“Our current situation, where we have the duty to protect His Majesty’s life and conduct his funeral, yet can’t confirm his well-being…Is this not absurd? This encroaches upon our ducal prerogative and disregards our authority,” Luisen continued.

“Isn’t that too much of a wild interpretation of these events? I know you have your conflicts with the first prince, but–“

“Yes, if this only affected me, then I could perhaps wave this away as a personal grudge. However, seeing the prince neglect even the Northern Great Lord and the other Northern nobles… Frankly, I can’t help but suspect there may be other motives.”

“Other motives?” the Northern Great Lord asked with a very displeased look on his face.

“He’s trying to weaken our ducal authority and treat us like ordinary nobles, isn’t he? If not that, then how could he abandon the ducal house Anies, which has protected the South for longer than this country has existed, and promote a mere count to the position of the Southern Great Lord?” the Eastern Great Lord shouted angrily.

“Count? Are you talking about Count Doubless? Wasn’t his family once a retainer of the Anies duchy?”

The Western and Northern Great Lords had heard of him and the various rumors swirling around the count. However, hearing such from the Eastern Great Lord, this time, struck their hearts deeply.

“How could he change a Great Lord’s position so willfully? Though the royal family has changed many times since the establishment of this kingdom, the Great Lords have retained their authority.”

“If the first prince is truly trying to persecute us… We cannot let that happen.”

The atmosphere seemed to have heated up a decent amount, so Luisen sneaked in a few inciting words, “Therefore, we must show our strength.”

“Have you crafted any plans?”

“Come, let us go and fulfill our duties. We will pay our respects to His Majesty and guard his deathbed,” Luisen said.

Although his words sounded reasonable, in reality, this was just a plan to forcefully storm into the palace. If Luisen were alone, entering the palace would be difficult. But, with all the Great Lords gathered, even the first prince wouldn’t be able to stop them. Considering the personalities of these snake-like individuals, they would do everything in their power to seize the opportunity to enter the palace. While they drew attention, Luisen planned to go and find Carlton.

“Isn’t it a good idea? If all four of us assert that we will fulfill our duties together, the first prince won’t be able to ignore us. Public opinion will be on our side as well.” The Eastern Great Lord cut in and supported Luisen’s plan. As the oldest of the gathered nobles, and an experienced politician, his support and authority made the plan sound all the more plausible. They were sure to gain considerable advantages if they could just enter the royal palace in such a chaotic situation.

After short contemplation, the Western and Northern Great Lords also concluded in Luisen’s favor. “Very well. Let us go.”



***



What most people considered the main gate to the palace–the largest gate–remained firmly closed. Gatekeepers guarded the door.

It had been several days since the doors to the royal palace remained firmly shut. At first, there were always constant disturbances at the gate because minor and major nobles threw tantrums trying to enter the palace. However, the nobles now understood that nothing would grant them entry, so they didn’t bother coming near.

As a result, the gatekeepers stood there with extremely bored expressions, gazing ahead. They watched people pass by and impatiently awaited their shift changes. There was no sign of tension in their loose grip on their spears and their slouching postures.

Suddenly, in the distance, they heard the sound of hooves approaching.

‘Again? Some back-country nobles?’

Sometimes aristocrats that had just arrived from the countryside were not yet aware that the palace had closed its doors and insisted on gaining an audience with the first prince. If the gatekeepers ignored them, the nobles would merely throw themselves on the lawn in a hissy fit. No big deal.

But, it wasn’t the old carriage of some countryside aristocrat that was drawing closer. The carriages were so gigantic that they had to be drawn by four horses; their appearance was lavish and splendid. Each of the four carriages had a flag hung at its side.

When he saw the flag, the gatekeeper’s mouth hung wide open. “T-The Great Lords… The Great Lords’ carriages!”

Four Great Lords were barreling towards the gate.





* * *





TL: Man, I wish I could sock a few nobles in their mouths this chapter!





